Accessory Large group of people outdoors with their motorcycles.
Person A light post leans towards a crowd on a busy city street.
Kitchen A chocolate frosted donut on a plate with a cup of coffee and a penguin napkin holder. 
Indoor A woman is helping a young boy to play a computer game.
Furniture A laptop in a bright yellow coffee house.
Person A cheeseburger is topped with a glazed doughnut.
Furniture A bride and groom about to cut into their cake
Person A metal statue of two women sits on a bench in a city street.
Person A tennis match with one of the players serving the ball.
Furniture A man is using his laptop in a cafe
Electronic An open laptop on a desk surrounded by clutter.
Vehicle A horse is standing between two parked cars. 
Food A half broccoli half cheese pizza that needs to be cooked. 
Animal A cute brown puppy is snuggled on a rumpled bed.
Outdoor A bench with a memorial plaque and flowers on each side.
Vehicle A bus drives on a paved road with markings.
Appliance The door of the refrigerator has several papers on it.
Person a couple of tennis players on a tennis court
Accessory An outdoor market has a wide variety of fruit to choose from.
Furniture The two women sit on a bench together.
Animal A man wearing cowboy gear is sitting on a horse.
Person A smiling child stands under a pink and red umbrella.
Kitchen Krispy Kreme donuts fill up a long table.
Person A girl in a Cleopatra outfit eating pizza at a table.
Electronic A bobble head is shown next to computer screens.
Furniture A very nice looking rest room with a big sink.
Vehicle A truck loaded with cargo slowly creeps down the street.
Electronic A cat is on papers on a computer desk.
Furniture A plate of vegetables, chicken, and white rice.
Vehicle A brightly colored train is stopped on the tracks to let passengers on.
Furniture A child eats food from a bowl at a table. 
Food A man preparing food in a restaurant kitchen.
Outdoor A picture of a store by a street.
Indoor A brown teddy bear sitting at a table with colored pegs.
Person A man skiing down a snowy hill alone.
Animal THERE IS A CAT THAT IS SITTION ON TOP OF THE SUITCASE
Sports A baseball player hit the ball during a game.
Indoor some books shelves a television and a table
Kitchen A living area with two chairs and a coffee table.
Accessory A room with a very tall stack of luggage.
Kitchen An old man standing in a kitchen posing for a picture.
Vehicle The airplane is on the ground, but getting ready for takeoff.
Indoor A photo of a busy intersection with a bus, several cars and a clock tower.
Furniture An indoor station has a television on the wall.
Accessory A group of people in a park flying kites.
Person A little boy standing in the grass with a kite in the sky in the background.
Animal People and cattle standing at the waters edge on a bright sunny day.
Furniture A man and woman are holding up a pizza.
Accessory A group of people wait to cross an intersection.
Sports a pro tennis player playing a game 
Appliance a microwave sits built in some cupboards 
Vehicle An old yellow plane is flying in the sky.
Vehicle A skateboarder flies through the air in a skate park.
Animal A large bull by a calf surrounded by many birds.
Indoor a cat sitting on a desk next to a remote control
Person A person is riding a horse by the water
Kitchen a small child wearing a tie and holding a suitcase with other people in the background
Electronic a woman using a white laptop on the bed
Kitchen The laptop was left open on the desk. 
Electronic a large gold cellphone is on a wall
Accessory A giant cruise ship next to another giant cruise ship next to a long pier.
Person Two adults with helmets beside a motorcycle on pavement.
Outdoor a cat that is looking into a window
Person Hand holding an electronic component with a clock on it.
Animal A cluttered room filled with a tv and a kitchen. 
Person The man is holding an object in his hand.
Outdoor An intersection with many traffic lights  and a traffic camera visible
Electronic A man eating pizza from pizza boxes on top of tables.
Person A pregnant woman in bed reading a book
Vehicle a large blue sign is next to a building
Person A man in a wetsuit and red shirt, riding a surfboard at the edge of a wave.
Furniture Two people playing a game on a TV.
Kitchen This bathroom which includes a bidet is very dirty.
Furniture A living room with wooden floors and white walls.
Kitchen A young man holding a bottle of beer while wearing a suit.
Vehicle Rusty train sitting on train tracks in high grass. 
Person A man kiteboarding over the ocean under a blue sky.
Furniture a computer monitor, keyboard and laptop on a desk
Vehicle an overview image of a boat dock by mountains
Electronic A black and white cat laying on white blanket next to a remote.
Animal A horse walking in a field with trees in the background.
Vehicle A number of  vehicles stops in a traffic jam
Person A girl is sitting on a skateboard outside
Animal A little elephant stands between two large, tusked elephants
Food Several plates holding food, and a serving tray of pizza
Kitchen A table topped with a sandwich, chili beans and a container of fries.
Sports A young woman flies a kite near a body of water.
Vehicle A table with many different objects, including a plate of sandwiches. 
Person A person on some skis in the water.
Person A man holding a frisbee with one hand in the grass.
Indoor Two large, purple flowers are in a large vase.
Furniture Arrows show what to do with the bowls of food.
Sports A girl taking a swing at a baseball during a game.
Kitchen A kitchen with a counter, window, stove and cutlery. 
Person A room that houses several pieces of campaign memorabilia.
Person A tennis court has a few people in the bleachers.
Person A group of three men standing next to each other on a baseball field.
Person A boy in white jersey doing a trick on a skateboard.
Food A fork rests on a plate next to a piece of cake.
Vehicle an airplane with the loading ramp in place
Person A high speed train in movement, with workers.
Furniture A plate of cheese bread next to bread sticks and wine.
Furniture a woman in a blue dress some black chairs and another person looking in an oven
Animal a large elephant that is next to a curb
Electronic It is winter, and this young woman wearing her cold weaterh coat also has her Smartphone in a handknitted sleeve.
Food the fruits are all in a container in the window.
Accessory A person is holding up a hair dryer in the bathroom. 
Kitchen a couple of sandwiches are on a pan
Kitchen A bathroom with the sink and medicine cabinet visible.
Kitchen A living room with a wooden floor filled with furniture.
Outdoor Yellow Train stopped at the station in front of a bench.  
Outdoor a stop sign put upside down on a metal pole 
Food People watching as a woman cuts into a cake.
Kitchen An outside view of a subway car and an inside view of people standing in a subway car
Person Several people are flying kites in an open field of grass.
Furniture A man making a face while biting a hot dog with cheese on it. 
Person A woman holding a small girl with sun glasses on her head.
Person A woman wearing a cowboy hat posing with a horse.
Sports A little kid that is on a skateboard.
Outdoor A parking meter has graffiti on it near a graffiti wall.
Vehicle An old picture of a train stopped in a city.
Person A man taking a selfie while brushing his teeth and looking in the mirror 
Indoor Color corrected photograph of a person carrying a red, white and blue umbrella.
Outdoor Three similar cars are stopped at traffic lights.
Kitchen A young child squats down in front of a bowl.
Furniture Man holding a ball he is about to throw.
Person A man riding a wave on a surf board.
Electronic Cat staring at the screen of an open laptop.
Animal A dog wearing a hat while in a car.
Indoor An hand pets a cat in a suitcase.  
Animal Looking through a circle at a horse as it stands near a fence.
Person a person covering his face next to many boxes of bananas
Furniture A living room filled with furniture and a rug.
Food two people at a table eating doughnuts and drinking milk
Food Bread and fruit are on a table with a knife and fork.
Sports an image of a group of people that are walking on beach
Person A woman in a blue uniform holding a cell phone up to her ear.
Animal A man and a dog on a small boat.
Sports A person playing a game of tennis with a racket.
Vehicle Cars are parked on the the street in front of the building.
Electronic A pen is sitting on top of a laptop.
Person A shepard and his dogs herding a flock of sheep.
Sports A girl is skate boarding on a short skateboard.
Person The train is traveling down  the railroad tracks.
Furniture There is a white street sign that has the number 20 on it and says zone
Furniture A black and white picture of a man eating in his bed. 
Outdoor Passengers wait at the platform as a passenger train approaches.
Person Three young men at a table eating breakfast at a restaurant.
Kitchen A plate of food containing carrots, potatoes and meat.
Indoor A living room with orange colored walls, and a purple chair.
Indoor A living room with wood floors, a couch, wooden chair bookshelves and coffee table.
Person a man with a beard and a gray shirt and tie
Animal a few animals that are in side a fence
Furniture A cat sitting on a couch with a dog on the floor.
Vehicle woman is walking with a dog in her hands
Person A skier dressed in white performing an aerial maneuver.
Animal There is a tiny bird on the branch.
Kitchen A boy sipping a milk bottle while lying on a bed.
Furniture Traffic at a street corner with a lamp post clock
Furniture a plate of fruit sitting next to another plate of food on a table 
Indoor There are women that are talking on the cell phone 
Vehicle A bank sign that also has a clock attached to it.
Vehicle A red train going down the track in the city.
Food A small loaded pizza on a yellow plate
Person a homemade margarita maker on a table outside
Person A large plane is parked at the airport.
Accessory a man skiing down a hill with a tree behind him 
Person A bus going to crosstown parked on side of road.
Furniture A plate of desserts with frosting and sprinkles.
Furniture A woman playing tennis throwing the ball in the air ready to serve it.
Person a guy playing wii in a blurry photo
Food A living room with a wooden floor filled with furniture.
Accessory A business man with a striped blue tie standing in front of a palm tree.
Kitchen A guy in a green shirt casually plays the Nintendo Wii.
Appliance The old woman is in the kitchen ready to make food
Animal A man is standing outside of the water observing the huge flock of birds. 
Indoor A large, ornate clock tower rises above another skyscraper.
Kitchen a man pouring a drink into a wine glass 
Kitchen A plate of half eaten pizza, and salad.
Furniture A girl with an umbrella in a chair
Food A plate of meat, vegetable and fruit is has been cooked on a grill.
Food a close up of three hot dogs with mustard
Furniture a kitchen with a countertop and talbe with open cabinets
Person Two girls pet a goat that is in a pen.
Animal A neglected black and white Pitbull Terrier puppy in a filthy environment with garbage is reflected in an old mirror.
Person there are two people sitting at a table eating
Electronic a man holding his cell phone up in a crowd
Person Four people standing outside of a steam train. 
Person A decorative frosted teddy bear 30th birthday cake.
Person Horse above hurdle at Kentucky horse show event. 
Vehicle Rail workers stand on a platform where a train is waiting.
Sports A man surfs at the top of the wave.
Sports Two girls and a boy have fun at soccer practice
Furniture A table with plates of food and a bottle of alcohol.
Appliance a wooden dinette table and two chairs with place settings
Furniture A cat sits on top of a toilet bowl.
Food  a living room with a big table next to a book shelf 
Food A view of a bunch of pizzas sitting on a table.
Indoor Two men standing in a room and holding Wii video game controllers.
Person two men standing next to a bike parked on a street corner
Kitchen Woman listening on her phone while smoking a cigarette.
Kitchen Broccoli, carrots and a small amount of potatoes on a plate.
Food A hot dog with condiments and confetti all around
Indoor A black and white living room with modern furniture.
Accessory a woman in a black jacket and a pizza 
Indoor A man and woman bathe in a shallow river.
Furniture This is a beach with a lot of lounge chairs under umbrellas
Accessory Black and white photo of a sidewalk with a person holding a Subway sign in the foreground.
Indoor Four teddy bears are lined up in a row on a shelf of books.
Animal A dog with orange hair that is sitting down.
Appliance A young man bending next to a toilet.
Furniture Three dogs are sleeping across the length of the bed.
Furniture two sandwiches on a plate with a slice of tomato on the side
Furniture A toilet stall with exposed pipes and a window.
Animal A white sheep standing on top of a dirt road.
Appliance Pork and vegetables prepared on a cutting board and counter.
Furniture Several people near a lot holding a huge quantity of motorcycles.
Food A waffle with syrup, a scoop of ice cream, and sliced strawberries and bananas on a plate.
Vehicle A number of emergency vehicles at the scene of an incident.
Kitchen Shoes, a cap, an iPod, a name tag and other items
Electronic A very dimly lit room with a laptop open.
Furniture A pregnant woman in bed reading a book
Animal Bed covered in mosquito netting in a bedroom with windows on three walls.
Kitchen A small room with a computer and bookcase. 
Electronic Three jars are on a desk above a laptop.
Food An assortment of pastries on a red table
Animal Two birds flying in a gray sky next to a mountain.
Outdoor People are at an outdoor lunch table in a park.
Furniture A man walking while holding a ball in his hand. 
Sports A woman in a pink jacket and printed pants snowboarding.
Accessory A couple of men standing in front of a building.
Person A table covered in different kinds of baked goods and fruit.
Appliance A room in a dusty building with cleaning supplies in it.
Person A sculpture of two women stting on a bench with their purses on the ground while people standing in a line behind them. 
Animal A bear extends its long tongue while yawning
Vehicle A row of wooden raid with various tools on them.
Food A table topped with a cake covered in berries next to a plate of sandwiches.
Animal a giraffe eating food from a food dispenser 
Person Two men getting food at an outside restaurant.
Person batter receiving a pitch at a baseball game
Animal a single giraffe walking towards a group trees
Sports Man and boys holding two surfboards getting picture taken.
Sports A man is swinging at a ball during a baseball game.
Animal A herd of sheep are grazing in a green field.
Furniture Broccoli and carrots together in a bowl on a table.
Vehicle There so many boats, car and scooter at the beach
Electronic A box of donuts and a bag of nuts sitting on a table.
Accessory A man in large sunglasses and a lose tie
Person A woman and a man sitting on a couch next to each other.
Electronic A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher and microwave ovee
Accessory A woman stands next to her luggage on a platform.
Kitchen A vase full of red flowers sits in a room with red walls and red decorations.
Furniture Toilet with a black lid and rolls of toilet tissue in a bathroom
Furniture A dog is looking at the camera sadly.
Food A pan of stir fried vegetables being cooked. 
Person Elvis impersonator sitting atop a metal sculpture of a bull.
Food A peeled banana and sauce on a plate.
Appliance A bathroom sink next to a white toilet under a large mirror.
Vehicle A car stops while people cross in front of it. 
Furniture A girl in a Cleopatra outfit eating pizza at a table.
Person The shirtless men are riding horses through the lake. 
Kitchen A peice of cake sit on a red plate with a fork beside it.
Outdoor people flying kites on a bright sunny day
Furniture Black and white photograph of a man playing tennis
Electronic someone that is holding a cell phone and has blue socks
Person The people fly a kite by the tall stone building.
Sports Person on tennis court preparing to return a volley.
Furniture A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.
Vehicle An older pickup truck with decorative murals painted on.
Person Three people are loading a horse into a horse trailer.
Kitchen A few guys at a restaurant talking and eating.
Person Two people holding surfboards walk down a beach.
Furniture Food on a train with a pie and some vegetable
Person A group of men playing a game with remote controllers.
Animal A person riding a bicycle on a deserted street.
Vehicle An old yellow train is waiting at the station.
Person An athlete wiping sweat from his brow with his shirt.
Vehicle A small boat traveling in the water filled with people holding umbrellas.
Food Person cutting cake at a theme restaurant characters in background.
Person A picture of a person holding a phone displaying a picture of a person holding a phone twice
Food A man is pointing at a pizza box with a some words on the inner side.
Person Several train tracks with a train on the far tracks.
Kitchen A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
Sports A skier on a snow covered mountain resort.
Electronic A woman and dog in a living room with the tv on.
Person A family holding umbrellas at a backyard barbecue.
Sports A tennis player with a racket hitting the ball
Person A little kid that is playing with stuff.
Outdoor A red stop sign is glowing against the dark sky.
Food a close up of a hot dog on a table 
Animal A group of zebra stand in the plain.
Outdoor Some cars speeding buy a sign that says 55.
Indoor A view of a living room that appears to be very elegant.
Vehicle A bunch of zebras grazing near a road where vehicles are driving by.
Kitchen A small toy sits on a plate with pizza and crusts.
Furniture a very large pizza that is on some kind of pizza pan
Furniture A man wearing a shirt and a pixilated looking neck tie.
Indoor A desk with two computer monitor and a keyboard sitting on it.
Accessory Some large streamers, some look like a clown fish.
Person The man stands holding a surfboard as he looks out at the sea.
Furniture A Victorian house looked very much like this model one does.
Electronic A child is landing on a shallow pillow.
Indoor A living room and dining room are in pink and green.
Kitchen A small child wearing a tie stands with his luggage.
Person a white and silver subway train filled with several bicycles
Food Three hotdogs with mustard on a black plate.
Kitchen A man sitting at a table outside eating a meal.
Indoor a dog that is sitting on a skate board
Accessory People are standing on top of a snowy mountain.
Food a living room with a lot of chairs and  a big entertainment center
Person A man standing on a skateboard near a ramp. 
Animal a bunch of cows are in a grassy field
Furniture A man sits on the toilet while smoking
Animal A cat is lying covered in bed with white sheets
Sports A boy swinging a baseball bat on a field near others.
Sports A guy wear a short khaki pants and brown tee is on a skate board.
Outdoor A woman feeds a toddler a hot dog while he holds a purple bottle.
Indoor A kitchen with all the appliances such as a fridge, microwave and stove. 
Kitchen A couple of people sitting under an umbrella.
Accessory A bicyclist waiting in the roadway until two horses pass.
Food A cake is sitting in the grass in front of white flowers.
Furniture a white toilet in a black counter bathroom
Vehicle Automobiles stopped at an intersection because of a passing train. 
Furniture Two guys in an office walking towards the chalk board.
Sports The man stands holding a surfboard as he looks out at the sea.
Furniture A soda can, a pen, a cell phone and a fruit drink mix packet sitting on a table with a computer keyboard.
Sports A woman standing on a lush green park holding a green frisbee.
Person A man and woman are playing catch in the backyard.
Kitchen Tomatoes sit in a black bowl next to a flower.
Furniture A view of a street intersection through a window.
Kitchen A shelf of antique pottery in an antique store 
Person Some people who are riding on a sail boat.
Food A tall sandwich with pickle on a white plate.
Furniture Feminine ambience style restroom with wide open feel
Vehicle A couple of people that are standing near a train.
Food A half cut pizza on a plate on the table
Electronic A man sitting in a chair in front of a computer.
Animal A herd of cattle sitting in front of a church with a steeple.
Electronic A blue moon beer is sitting on a desk along with a computer monitor, keyboard, mouse, computer, and speaker.
Person A woman walking on the beach holding a surfboard. 
Appliance A bathroom that features a bright tile wall and big mirrors
Person a panda bear walking on a field near a tree
Person A group of young women holding umbrellas while walking down a street.
Person Large group of little kids and adults sitting and surrounding a long table with blue plates.
Outdoor An old photo of a bus and some cars sitting at an intersection.
Person Some people are enjoying themselves playing game. 
Appliance A white bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom window.
Furniture A white table topped with cakes and nuts.
Furniture A bedroom with large windows a ceiling fan and an unmade bed.
Sports Two young girls on a tennis court with a racquet and a scooter
Electronic A girl sits on the bench with one foot up.
Person Tools are lying in a road on pieces of thick wood. 
Vehicle An airplane leaving a trail in the sky.
Indoor A manual or book about ten-speed bicycles 
Accessory a man with a mustache is wearing a tie
Person a clock on a small tower near a building 
Person A surfer loses his balance at the end of a ride
Person A view A large metal structure near the side of a building
Animal A street lined with cones with people up and down the sidewalk.
Person A woman is walking with a dog trailing behind her on a leash. 
Person A display of several elaborately decorated pink and white cakes.
Person a hand of a person wearing a pink and white shirt 
Person A skier skis down a hill past a sparse evergreen.
Food A cat sitting on a rug scratching its ear
Accessory Girl sitting on a bench next to a fire hydrant that is being used.
Furniture A table with several dishes on it with a television.
Person A young man taking a selfie with an iPhone wearing a tie.
Person A smiling asian woman is brushing her teeth.
Sports woman in tennis garb preparing to serve tennis ball
Food A plate topped with meat and a salad.
Person A book mobile bus from a library sitting by a street side.
Kitchen Groups of people seated under shade umbrellas at blue tables and chairs drinking beverages.
Electronic Two people playing a video game in a living room.
Accessory A lot of sheep in a very small fenced in stall with hay on the floor.
Sports A MAN IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT RACKET IN HAND
Electronic some frosted cakes with little decorations on top in a display case for sale
Furniture A tall glass case with some fruits in it and some grass growing
Vehicle Four people trying to get a black horse into the back of a blue and white truck.
Animal a cute little kitty laying among stuffed animals
Kitchen A lady in a bath robe touching something near the ceiling.
Animal Two Zebra's standing very close to each other.
Person a man walks down a sidewalk as a vehicle passes 
Furniture A small plate of food with broccoliw and nuts
Animal a horse that is laying down in a field
Kitchen A group of people are playing Wii in their living room. 
Person A person wearing a towel is drying their hair with a hair dryer.
Food A view of a piece of broccoli with a person holding it.
Animal A couple of women and one man kneeling down before two horses.
Kitchen A bathroom with a sink and television inside of the mirror.
Furniture A bathroom sink with mirror are shown in this picture.
Kitchen Two men play a game with Wii remotes.
Person A skier attempts a jump hon his skis.
Furniture A woman laying in a hospital bed hooded up to machines.
Furniture A lime green room with older style furnishings and curtains.
Animal A cute black dog sitting on the couch.
Person A teddy bear in jail clothes posed on top of a trash can.
Sports a man in a wetsuit riding a wave on a surfboard
Vehicle A room with chair, bicycle, television and a Christmas tree.
Person A street corner with traffic lights and cars.
Furniture A bedroom with two small beds right next to each other.
Person A beautiful blonde woman in tight blue jeans.
Person Two people perform flips on skis in front of a crowd.
Vehicle A large jet airplane sitting on a tarmac at an airport.
Person a male in a black shirt glasses of wine and two silver buckets
Indoor Large stuffed animal posed outdoors as if sitting in a chair with beverages on a table.
Indoor a clock on a building with  sky background
Indoor Assorted vases hanging on a wall next to each other.
Animal A boxer dog sitting in the grass with a chew toy in its mouth.
Kitchen A bowl of food is sitting next to fresh apples.
Person The skier is happy to pose for the picture.
Animal The brown horse is walking on the dirt in the fence. 
Person A few people riding bikes next to a dog on a leash.
Sports The baseball player is throwing a very intense pitch.
Furniture A group of people sitting around a table eating pizza.
Food A woman's hand holding a half peeled banana with a large bite out of it
Person A tennis player jumps and stretches to return the ball.
Vehicle A red traffic stop sign with a blank white sign below it.
Accessory a man holding a piece of pizza in front of a kid 
Kitchen a clock that looks like an apple a penguin and a potted plant
Person A little child offering a bite of a banana.
Person A woman in a wet suite carrying a surf board.
Kitchen A cat standing next to an open refrigerator door.
Electronic A video game controller being pointed at a television.
Person People playing baseball while the pitcher is ready to pitch
Person A street light shows a yellow are point right.
Animal two dogs and a cat sleeping on a bed together
Person a person holding up a child with a cake 
Vehicle The Norfolk and Cambridge road signs have fallen to the ground while a van drives by. 
Sports A surfer rides his board inside an arching wave.
Person there is a white and a red bus that is stopped on this street
Person A little league baseball player is getting ready hit the ball with his bat. 
Person An airplane sits on a runway in a airport
Person A picture of a woman sitting outside with a laptop and ciggorets while talking on phone.
Furniture Two cats sleeping with a remote control near each of them.
Animal A mother and baby elephant walking in green grass in front of a bond.
Person a train stopped at a train station with individuals walking alongside the train. 
Accessory A man and woman cutting a slice of cake by trees.
Accessory A woman in a hat sitting next to luggage.
Outdoor A LITTLE ROOM AND DINING ROOM AREA WITH FURNITURE
Sports A boy riding a wave on a surfboard.
Person A small train going down a steel track.
Food A COUPLE WEARING HEAVY COATS LAUGHING WHILE EATING PIZZA.
Animal A giraffe stands in an area of dead shrubbery.
Kitchen A bathroom has a window, mirror, towel rack, and sink in it.
Vehicle A train is pulling into the train station.
Accessory A group of people gathered at a table in a restaurant.
Vehicle A waitress and a man are holding up a large pizza.
Electronic A view of a living room with large windows.
Person The people are trying to climb the mountain. 
Appliance The kitchen is clean and organized ready for us to use. 
Person Two airplanes are parked on the landing strip.
Furniture there is a cat that is laying on top of a pink bed sheet
Person A tennis player taking a swing at  a ball
Outdoor A man operates a laptop at a table in a train station.
Accessory a horse walking on a small platform in front of a group of people
Outdoor A woman walking past a shop filled with merchandise.
Appliance A view of a bathroom in what appears to be a hotel.
Vehicle The large green bus drives near two people on a motorcycle.
Food a bunch of food is layed out next to an oven
Furniture a small roomw ith a televisiona nd some furniture in it 
Electronic a group of people that are eating a pizza
Vehicle a yellow and pink bus parked by itself
Outdoor A black and red parking meter on sidewalk next to a street.
Vehicle A group of people standing outside of a double decker bus.
Outdoor A family sitting down at a table for a meal.
Vehicle A train drives down its tracks next to a snow bank
Person Two men guiding cows while behind on horses. 
Vehicle A street sign is in front of gravel, a sidewalk, and a fence.
Animal Two people stroll through a park with benches and a playground.
Food A white bowl of broccoli cheese soup looks delicious.
Kitchen A bathroom sink and its reflection in the mirror.
Indoor A counter in a kitchen line with black metal stools.
Person A man stands poised with a baseball bat.
Animal People are riding horses down a beach next to the water.
Kitchen A group of people are getting some food and drinks together.
Person There is a street sign on the corner by a building. 
Person A man who is holding a wine glass.
Electronic A young boy is playing Wii on the couch.
Animal Two cats sleeping on a sofa inside a house.
Person A man surfing on his surfboard through the waves of the ocean.
Person Two people outside of a stone building near a red fire hydrant.
Vehicle a close up of a train with a view inside
Electronic a woman smoking while talking on a cell phone
Person Two girls posing with jelly filled doughnuts which have a bite missing.
Sports The batter stands at the plate ready to swing, as the players stand ready in the outfield.
Food A pizza sitting on top of a pan in the oven.
Person Two skiers heading up the side of a mountain
Vehicle A red and white airplane in the sky.
Indoor a man holds down an oven door as he looks into the oven
Animal A man holding his dog stands in front of the tree. 
Food A machine that holds a lot of donuts and cooks them. 
Vehicle A lot of boats sitting on top of a body of water.
Person A little boy dipping his hand into water.
Furniture A burger sitting on a table, with another next to it.
Indoor A Egyptian painting with 4 black horses on it
Person Overhead view of a table with a log and food on it.
Furniture A boy waring headphones is playing a game on his computer.
Appliance A little girl is kneeling in front of an open refrigerator. 
Kitchen there is a red and black microwave on a counter
Vehicle a car driving through a very flooded street
Accessory a chair with some kind of stuffed animal on it
Furniture A beige living room with a cabinet,flowers, lamp and armchair.
Person A lady in a crowd holding an umbrella with a British flag design.
Furniture a man is holding some stuff standing by the curb
Animal A herd of cows grazing in a grassy field.
Outdoor Elephants are in a ring with a person near bleachers.
Electronic Man sitting at a table holding eating utensils in his hands over his food. 
Electronic a cat sits down in front of a laptop 
Animal A zebra standing on top of a dirt and grass field.
Food A person working at a store selling pasties.
Vehicle A train traveling down the rail road tracks.
Furniture some baseball players are playing baseball on a field
Indoor Two little bears sitting on a weathered wood chair.
Animal Two cats are outside and perched on someone's sneakers.
Animal A cat is sitting in a car near the dash.
Electronic A kitchen has light wooden colored cabinetry, beige countertops, and stainless steel appliances in an open concept house.
Sports A person stands between two dogs on a beach, one of them holding a frisbee.
Sports A man swinging a bat on top of a baseball field.
Electronic A living room with a large vase with flowers.
Furniture A group of people, some in leftover US army clothing, sit at tables in a large dining room.
Vehicle a black cat standing in front of a motorcycle
Kitchen A man in the kitchen standing with his dog.
Person a close up of a person holding a bat in the dark
Person A woman holding a little child as they look at giraffes.
Food Four plastic containers filled with food on a table.
Person The tennis player throws the ball up to serve
Vehicle A small propeller plane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.
Person A skateboarder is grinding on a black rail.
Vehicle A red train pulling into the station under a steel framed roof.
Electronic A woman standing next to another woman in a building.
Animal Several cows grazing in the field with a house in the background.
Animal people ride their motorcycles beside some cars, passing by an empty street with stores and apartment buildings
Kitchen An audience is looking at an film of a man taking that is projected onto a wall. 
Animal An elephant standing inside of a dirt pen.
Kitchen A group of people playing tennis on a video game with a large television on.
Person A busy bus station with ramp going downstairs.
Electronic A picture of an iMac desktop next to a Mac laptop on a desk. 
Furniture A child holds a spoon and looks at a cupcake.
Furniture A pizza on a plate on a table with wine.
Sports A person skis through some trees down a hill
Animal Small cow sitting on a milking machine in a dirty area.
Indoor A woman in a messy living room playing the Wii.
Accessory Two toothbrushes each in a glass on the sink.
Person A hot dog and a bun with some mustard.
Sports A man in a white shirt and a red hat catches a white frisbee.
Person A man and two dogs playing with an object.
Furniture a tray of food with two glasses of drink and salt and pepper 
Kitchen Bearded man shows off his grilled cheese sandwiches.
Food A piece of chocolate pie sitting on top of a plate.
Furniture A girl sitting on a chair in front of a pepperoni pizza.
Sports a boy is swinging a baseball bat at a game
Electronic A group of young children playing with an interactive video game system.
Electronic A wooden desk with shelves that have action figures above it
Person a woman is sitting in front of a desk
Kitchen a women that has a carrot in her hand
Furniture A man sitting on a bed flipping through pages of a book. 
Kitchen Many bunches of bright yellow bananas hanging on display.
Outdoor A blue bicycle with a black basket on the front of it
Person Woman skier taking a break and enjoying a snack
Person Man sitting on a sidewalk next to a bicycle talking on his cell phone.
Vehicle Person driving a plated motorcycle on a track with people watching.
Food A little boy grabbing an apple from a box of apples.
Kitchen A plate full of different types of foods.
Kitchen An area outside a dwelling that has been flooded with standing water and trash piled up.
Food A bunch of bananas hanging from a tree.
Vehicle A map of the Boston subway printed on a statue of a cow.
Furniture a couch and a television are in a room
Outdoor A young boy in a red shirt playing tennis.
Person A baby is looking at a book while sucking a pacifier.
Vehicle A blue and white train is moving on the rails. 
Electronic Commuters using their cell phones during a train ride
Food a man talking on a cellphone sitting at a table.
Sports A person in skis flies in the air from doing a trick.
Accessory A man sitting at a bar next to another man near a waitress.
Person A woman with a red umbrella is walking two dogs in the snow.
Animal Men on horse back riding on the beach
Person there is an old woman sitting on a bench
Indoor a woman is hugging a stuffed mouse close to herself
Accessory A display on a store front with lots of items on display.
Indoor A very tall brick clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.
Sports A baseball player throws the ball to his team mate as they try to get another player out.
Accessory Two formally dressed guys are crossing the street. 
Electronic A man standing with a cell phone by a tree.
Sports A boy skateboarding on a stake board ramp
Animal A horse standing next to a fence being seen through a lens.
Food The computer monitor has a framed picture near it.
Vehicle A couple of people standing with a umbrella.
Food A girl in a brown jacket staring a whole pizza.
Furniture A dog on a red couch with the tv and Wii remotes.
Food A housewife holds a platter of food in the kitchen.
Person A very big city bus on wet city street at night.
Electronic A group of people on a sidewalk with their mobile phones.
Outdoor a stop sighn in a grass feild next to a road. 
Outdoor A boy swinging a baseball bat at a ball.
Vehicle A stop sign vandalized with an "eating animals" sticker below the word "stop."
Animal A horse, buggy and driver sitting in front of a building.
Accessory A train parked at a train stop next to another train.
Person I young boy eating a large piece of pizza.
Animal A large elephants walks along toward the camera.
Sports The people are flying the kites in the sky.
Furniture A cat is sitting on a bright orange chair.
Accessory The woman sits on the curb writing on a notepad near a fire hydrant. 
Vehicle The children are riding on an indoor train. 
Animal Group of sheep standing next to a brick building. 
Indoor A bed set up on the wooden floor of a large wooden house
Food  A boy smiling and eating some food on a plate.
Food a small black bird is standing on a tray
Furniture Arrangement of food with variety of meat and potatoes in upscale fashion.
Person Two color fire hydrant on cement slab in front of house.
Person There is a woman taking a photo of herself in the mirror
Food A man eats a hot dog while looking at the camera.
Food A person prepares a sandwich on a plate.
Person a guy inside a car taking a picture through the mirror in a remote area
Indoor A stack of text and comic books on a table.
Kitchen A child holding a sippy cup and the remote 
Person A man with glasses is holding up an iPhone. 
Appliance a very big  fridge with nothing inside it
Person A man in a Rays uniform is throwing a baseball
Person A young man holds up a tennis racket.
Person Elderly  gray haired man in a suit scowling into the camera.
Furniture a person taking a photo in a bath room mirror
Appliance A cluttered room filled with a tv and a kitchen. 
Kitchen A man is searching for food in a refrigerator.
Furniture A large white cake on a small table.
Indoor A room with a desktop computer and a picture of a mummy. 
Furniture a woman on a tennis court getting ready to serve the ball
Animal A bird perched on top of a brown tree branch.
Vehicle a bus sits parked next to a building 
Furniture a person behind a table in front of many dishes
Sports A group of young girls playing a game of soccer.
Vehicle The image of a man holding a camera is in this motorcycle side mirror. 
Electronic A man who fell asleep with phone on face
Vehicle a close up of a motorcycle parked on a dirt road
Furniture Small girl reaching for her umbrella on a driveway.
Food A person is sitting outside in a chair with a plate of food.
Outdoor The colorful umbrella sits in front of the lavender building.
Kitchen a desk filled with some paperwork, a laptop and a computer with two monitors
Furniture A young boy stands in the living room playing with a brush
Animal This man is riding a skateboard behind a dog.
Sports a woman standing on skiis while posing for the camera
Accessory Several people who are sitting on some benches.
Animal A cat is observing the dishwasher in the kitchen. 
Animal a couple of women that have a dog on a leash
Outdoor a couple of buses that are on a empty street
Person A man holds out his tie, which has writing on it.
Electronic A thin keyboard and mouse sitting in front of a laptop.
Vehicle A large plane with two propellers  on it 
Person A woman kneeling to pet animals while others wait. 
Electronic The spaceous living room has a large television and a fireplace.
Animal A striped cat is laying on the sink and looking at the camera. 
Animal A dog wearing a bandanna and sitting on the trunk of a car.
Vehicle A cruise ship sits out in the water while a large grey building sits in background.
Vehicle A blue fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a park.
Animal A sheep is on a field of grass with two men walking around it.
Accessory A group of people with one person holding up a huge different color umbrella. 
Furniture A boy in grey shirt holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
Person A young man sitting on top of a white bench.
Person A man taking a swing at a tennis ball
Appliance A rest room with three sinks and a well lighted mirror.
Person a small child laying in bed playing nintendo wii
Person unable to see this image in this particular hit
Sports A red, white and blue kit flying among the sky.
Kitchen There is a man standing in the kitchen.
Food A man eating out on a table and bench.
Sports A girl chasing after a soccer ball with an opposing team member close behind
Vehicle A boat on a still lake in front of a mountain
Person A small propeller plane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.
Animal A herd of zebra are grazing in a grassy meadow.
Vehicle  A downtown city view from a high vantage point at night.
Furniture Man sitting at a table holding eating utensils in his hands over his food. 
Food A hot dog with a bunch of toppings and a fork sticking out of it
Kitchen A refrigerator on a patio flooded with water, beverage cans and a beer bottle. 
Kitchen A pizza pie sits in a dish on a table. 
Food A chocolate frosted doughnut sitting on top of a plate.
Furniture A woman with a nose ring using a phone
Appliance A bathroom with white spots on the wall.
Accessory A yellow motorcycle is parked on a road with many bystanders
Vehicle Vehicles on a street near a green traffic light.
Kitchen A pair of girls are cooking in one pan together.
Person The pick up truck is plowing the snow. 
Electronic A cat resting on a laptop next to a person.
Outdoor A baseball player in a batting stance at home plate with the catcher in position to catch a pitch.
Person Two women are going for a ride on an elephant 
Kitchen Two women are laughing in the kitchen while they cook.
Sports Yellow shirted tennis player looking for incoming ball
Appliance A child standing completely upright in front of a refrigerator.
Vehicle a short fire hydrand sitting by the curb of a weedy street
Outdoor A person in jeans and two toned shoes sits on the back of a bench.
Vehicle A bus parked to the side of an empty road.
Animal A row of cows standing behind a metal fence.
Electronic A young boy walking through a living room towards  a cat.
Vehicle Purple and blue building which has an atm inside.
Indoor A toothbrush with toothpaste next to a tube on a counter.
Furniture A toy horse sits atop a red wooden chair
Sports A woman in blue jacket standing on a snowboard.
Person A group of people standing on the side of a road.
Sports A man who is looking at a baseball bat.
Electronic A young girl watches a laptop on a bed. 
Person A man taking a picture in a side car mirror with his cell phone.
Furniture A group of people are gathered around at television playing WII.
Electronic A person that has fallen asleep with a book bag on their lap
Electronic THERE ARE DIFFRENT TROPHIES ON DISPLAY ON THE WALL 
Food a brown table with a chocolate drink and a piece of white cake
Electronic a close up of two cell phones near one another 
Person a male tennis player in a white shirt is holding his racket
Animal A mother black bear holding a baby black bear.
Appliance A bathroom with two urinals and a sink.
Animal There is a dog that is seated at the table with a frosted cup cake in front of the dog
Food Two youths wearing parka style coats, one eating and the other laughing.
Person A little kid swinging a bat in a baseball game.
Animal a close up of a giraffe in an outdoor area
Vehicle The man is holding the child and lighting the candle.
Electronic A young woman is playing a video game on a couch.
Kitchen A white toilet and cup in a room.
Accessory an old photo of a little girl sitting on her dads lap 
Indoor A small child sitting on a bed looking at a teddy bear.
Vehicle A bus traveling down a curvy road behind a black car.
Person A group of people riding motorcycles in the woods.
Person a person with a black umbrella standing in the middle of the road
Food a close up of a child eating a banana
Indoor A den with a couch, table, book shelf and a television.
Vehicle Moss has grown all over the building with the clock tower.
Person A pickup truck is parked underneath multiple flying kites.
Animal Seagulls in flight and standing on a beach at sunset
Kitchen a brown black and white dog wearing a helmet and a black scooter
Person A statue holding a glass light stands atop an old clock.
Sports A man intensely looking while holding a tennis racquet.
Accessory A view of a man wearing a casual shirt and tie.
Outdoor A man sitting on the park bench in the forest 
Person A passenger train travels down the tracks at a stop.
Vehicle A small yellow boat on the water carrying passengers.
Indoor A woman in a blue dress poses on a weird chair
Sports A guy rides his skate board on the city sidewalks.
Person A man and his dog in a boat, on the water.
Furniture A woman with two young children at a table
Vehicle A person crosses a street under a streetlight at dusk.
Kitchen plates with sandwiches next to a can of spam
Animal A dog rides on a surfboard with a person.
Furniture a living room with couches a tv and fireplace
Person A man holding a baby girl while seated in a cafe.
Outdoor a little boy holding a baseball bat by a fence
Food A little funny rabbit figure is sitting in the middle of half eaten pizza.
Sports a close up of two people playing soccer
Furniture A bathroom with white spots on the wall.
Furniture THERE IS A FIRE BURNING IN THE FIREPLACE IN A SITTING ROOM
Sports A woman holding a tennis racket in her hand
Person A group of men standing on a subway with other people.
Outdoor A green stop light with a tall building lighted up in the background at night.
Food A plate holds a good size portion of a cooked, mixed dish that includes broccoli and pasta. 
Vehicle view of a motorcycle sitting amongst others at a convention
Person two people walking with umbrellas down the sidewalk in the rain
Accessory A passenger bus that is driving down a street.
Indoor The top half of a clock tower against a cloudy sky.
Vehicle A car is parked near a clock that is surrounded by flowers at the bottom of the pole.
Person Woman wearing white playing tennis with a partner.
Accessory A couple that is posing for a picture.
Food A cake with white icing, mint leaves and strawberries.
Person SIX PEOPLE ON A BUS, WITH FIVE OF THEM ON THEIR ELECTRONICS
Person Two surfers walking on a beach to the ocean.
Outdoor Two men ride bikes next to the cars in the street.
Furniture A player swings at a baseball while the catcher is ready to catch the ball.
Outdoor a batter after he has hit a pitched ball before he is going to run
Furniture A cat laying on top of a black office chair.
Kitchen A man sitting in a chair in front of a computer.
Person A group of people at a dining table talking to each other.
Animal People wearing jackets are riding horses on the beach.
Electronic A triple decker sandwich is sitting on a desk.
Accessory A person cross country skis through the snow. 
Sports A few people flying homemade kites in the center of some buildings.
Person a cat is rinsed off with soap and aqua
Furniture A young child and cat in a living room.
Person A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.
Electronic A crowd of people sitting down next to each other.
Person A young person on skis flying high through the air.
Person A man poses for a picture against a brick wall.
Vehicle A man stands by a motorcycle on the side of the road.
Person A man riding a snowboard on top of a snow covered slope.
Furniture A person is sitting next to a brown table. 
Furniture Tools are lying in a road on pieces of thick wood. 
Sports a tennis player sitting in a chair shirtless
Person A barefoot woman walking with a tennis racket and her hand on her butt. 
Person A woman is slicing a cake with her friends.
Animal Black birds picking berries out of the tree
Furniture Several people are swimming in the ocean with two empty chairs and an umbrella on the beach.
Person This is a blurry image of a man looking at something yellow and roundish.
Kitchen an image of a junky garage with trash everywhere
Indoor These stuffed animals are decor on a bed
Person a man is standing with his hands on a table
Kitchen a person holding a slice of pizza next to someone else posing for a photo
Vehicle Small parking lot of cars in front of a stone building.
Sports A man standing on a beach next to four other people.
Person Hey man that is opening up a bottle of wine.
Electronic A few boys read comic books together outside
Vehicle An old with motorcycle with people standing beside it.
Person a large blue train is coming down some tracks
Furniture Man and woman doing a toast with a glass of wine.
Furniture A view of a bunch of urinals with stickers above them.
Outdoor A boy swings his bat at a baseball game as people watch on the bleachers behind him.
Person Baseball batter and catcher awaiting the pitch at the plate.
Animal A smiling woman is on a brown horse.
Furniture A young boy cutting a skate board shaped cake.
Person A man putting flowers into a white vase on a grave.
Accessory A couple of people under a large umbrella.
Person A very cute lady holding a hot dog to her face.
Person a skier in a green shirt is coming down a mountain
Vehicle A man holding a tennis racket in a field
Person A girl reading a book in bed with a cat 
Vehicle a little boy holding a baseball bat by a fence
Sports a road filled with cars in a desert
Vehicle a glass topped desk with a computer and speakers
Indoor Two teddy ears are hanging in a window.
Kitchen A man and young girl surrounded by various fruits.
Vehicle A colorful train stopped at a train station.
Animal A man that is on a surfboard in the water.
Person A white teddy bear sitting on top of a trash can.
Accessory Many elephants in a cage stand together. 
Furniture A plate on a wooden table full of bread.
Person an image of man baking goods in the oven 
Person this is people standing in the sidewalk near a bus
Person a sign showing a place beside the road 
Electronic Street vendors shows off their selection of ties.
Person two green and black motorcycles parked and some cars
Accessory The president making a speech with a communist/american flag combo behind him.
Vehicle A prop plane flies in a clear sky.
Appliance A white oven and a white refrigerator are in the kitchen.
Person Outdoor market with many vegetables and food available
Vehicle A green coat flipped upside down on top of a beach.
Food The cramped interior of a passenger ship's kitchen.
Animal A dog lies near the table next to bookshelves.
Furniture A room with a tv in the background and a laptop screen in the foreground 
Indoor A turquoise sign with numbers on a building.
Furniture a man holding a cat in front of a stove 
Person A baseball players is ealking toward the opposing team.
Sports Skier performing aerial jump during outdoor competition gathering.
Kitchen A DOG QUIETLY SLEEPING IN HIS BED ENJOYING THE SUN.
Electronic a wood floor in a large home kitchen
Food two plates each with a fajita with meat and vegetables.
Person The people are sitting outside under a large umbrella.
Kitchen A bathroom with a white toilet and a sink net to a shower.
Sports People on a wave using a surf board in the ocean.
Outdoor THERE ARE PEOPLE PLAYING SKATE BOARD ON THE STREET 
Person A pretty young woman is posing with her horse.
Indoor A close up of a cell phone, scissors and a cup.
Person A group of people at a beach in lounge chairs and umbrella shades.
Person A picture of a dog laying under a table on the rug.
Furniture Blueberry pancakes with slices bananas and glaze on top.
Vehicle A people is sitting next to bikes on a cell phone.
Sports A baseball player standing next to home plate.
Furniture A table displaying wine glasses and a platter of assorted meats and cheeses.
Person On a gray day a surfer carrying a white board walks on a beach.
Person Older man in tuxedo sitting next to another younger man in tuxedo.
Person a group of ball players playing on a field in front of an audience
Person A woman reads a book while sitting on steps near a suitcase full of books.
Indoor A remote control storage pouch attached to a couch. 
Vehicle A car and a truck sitting a red light.
Vehicle a couple of motorcycles are lined up on the road
Furniture The table has a flower arrangement in an ornate vase. 
Vehicle A close-up of an orange on the side of the road.
Person A youth on a toilet taking a "selfie" in a mirror.
Furniture A boy and girl teddy bear are posed next to each other on a couch.
Kitchen A kitchen with an oven with a green rag and an orange rag.
Vehicle A television screen is displayed in an empty bus.
Electronic A laptop and computer monitor with the same screen.
Vehicle A very tall building sitting along side of a street.
Food A spoon, a large carrot, a medium carrot and a small carrot, on blue-green speckled surface
Furniture A person is sitting with their dog watching tv.
Person a big purple bus parked in a parking spot
Vehicle Two people about to get on-board a bus. 
Person Two children smiling on top of luggage in parking lot
Animal An elephant standing next to an electric fence
Furniture A toddler boy is on a white pad playing a video game.
Vehicle Train stopped at the platform has it's doors opened on one side
Outdoor A traffic light on a metal pole by a tree.
Sports A snowboarder sailing down a snowy hillside on a mountain.
Indoor a room with plants on little tables by the windows 
Vehicle A man playing soccer on a soccer field
Kitchen An old photo of a woman in the kitchen
Person A girl sitting next to three old suitcases.
Animal A cat is wearing a plastic baseball cap.
Person the neck and head of a giraffe at the zoo
Kitchen a desk with keyboards and a laptop and a pair of monitors
Vehicle Two jets are flying against a bright blue sky.
Animal Two girrafes sticking their heads through the boards of their stable.
Person The little boy is having fun playing at the computer keybord
Appliance A kitchen under construction with a trashcan and stove.
Person a train and a bus in the middle of a city
Person A man holds pizza crust in his mouth.
Vehicle A 747 jumbo passenger jet airplane parked at an airport terminal.
Furniture Seats placed on top of an elephant that is standing outside. 
Sports a couple of people on a court playing tennis
Animal People are riding on elephants in a river.
Accessory A group of people collect around a giraffe head. 
Furniture A laptop on a couch across from a television.
Electronic A dog lays in a room with a desk and shelves of files and books.
Person A boy with catchers gear on looking at some baseball bats.
Furniture A baby holding a spoon looking at a cupcake and candle.
Kitchen a table with two laptops and chairs 
Food A bunch of people are sitting together eating pizza and talking.
Vehicle Several people walk out of a bus onto the street. 
Person A skateboarder doing tricks on the rim of a pit
Person a group of men are competing in a skiing tournament
Furniture A kitchen with dark green cabinets and personal items on the windowsill. 
Person A man sitting at a desk cutting up a cigar.
Food A kitchen with an oven, fridge and bowls on the table
Sports A surfer coming in on a large wave.
Kitchen A table topped with blenders and bottles of alcohol and cups.
Accessory A view of a living room that appears to be very elegant.
Person A tennis player is hitting a ball on the court.
Vehicle A fire hydrant with a sticker of different animals on it.
Person a couple of people carrying surf boar walk on a beach 
Animal A bird  that is sitting down on some water.
Furniture A set of twins who are taking a bath.
Animal There is a bird sitting on a tree branch.
Person Cooks are gathered preparing a meal in the kitchen.
Person two men sitting at a table with one holding a plate with a slice of pizza on it
Furniture A toilet that is made of material with sparkles.
Furniture Player hits ball during major league game at stadium.
Furniture A piece of cake with butter on it sits next to an orange slice. 
Food A piece of chocolate cake sits on a plate with a fork.
Animal A large black horse has a long mane of hair.
Electronic A WOMAN IS LOOKING AT A CELL PHONE 
Outdoor A city street filled with lots of traffic and lined with buildings.
Furniture A teddy bear that appears to be made out of wood.
Person A train is moving through a train station.
Food A man sitting at a desk with food holding a wine glass.
Person A black and white view of a woman holding an umbrella.
Food A portion of a pizza is sitting on a tray and someone is holding a fork and a knife.
Furniture a toilet with glitter paint on it 
Animal A group of people are riding horses on a beach.
Outdoor A group of people standing around a herd of animals in a city.
Kitchen a table with a laptop and various other items.
Vehicle A car on a city street with a moving train directly behind it.
Appliance A bathroom with blue walls, black and white checkered floor, toilet, urinal and bathtub.
Sports Pitcher in the baseball game getting ready to throw the ball
Animal two birds fly in the sky over mountains
Furniture A group of people that are sitting at a table talking.
Accessory A couple is posing together dressed in outlandish attire
Person a couple of people on skis sit on top of a snowy hill 
Vehicle The encompassing of an outside town in the picture.
Appliance There is a man opening the oven door.
Food A scrapbook lays open next to food and a drink.
Person a luggage bag on top of a table 
Sports a person on a tennis court in tennis wear 
Animal A group of giraffes stand together feeding on leaves in a large park.
Furniture People playing a game of tennis with a large audience. 
Food A bowl of banana's, sprinkels, chocolate chips, and marshmellows.
Outdoor A yellow bus picking up riders on a city street.
Animal man holding a baby and petting a horse
Person Three men, one caring a skateboard, are wearing matching t-shirts. 
Furniture A photo of a cat laying down on a blanket.
Furniture Flower are placed in a vase covered in shells.
Person A person holding a stick, pushing a boat near a bunch of bamboo reeds.
Person A man standing behind a truck filled with produce.
Animal A car in front of a furniture shop with a cow.
Food A person feeding a animal a whole carrot.
Kitchen A bathroom with a shower, toilet, and sink.
Person A woman running across a tennis court in a shirt skirt.
Furniture Toilet with white splatter paint on a black seat in a restroom stall.
Furniture A few boxes of glazed donuts on a table.
Accessory An elephant statue standing on top of a lush green park.
Person A man sliding into home plate as another catches a baseball.
Person A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball during a match.
Sports a woman stands on a grassy hill in the mountains
Sports A man wearing a hat and holding an object in his hand.
Appliance A toilet in a bathroom next to a sink.
Kitchen Four bowls of snacks of vegetables and crackers.
Sports A young man performing tricks on a skateboard.
Appliance a grey striped cat sitting on top of a toilet
Accessory a man is doing skateboard tricks off the side of a busy street
Furniture a close up of a bench near a potted flower
Vehicle a man at a restaurant using his laptop 
Food Some green broccoli and hams are on the plate. 
Person A photo of someone watching TV with their dog.
Vehicle a road that has some snow all around it
Accessory A man in a green shirt is taking a picture with his cell phone.
Accessory Donuts traveling down an assembly line in a factory while people work behind it.
Person A group of two people waiting to cross the street under an umbrella.
Person Man photographing a fresh pizza his tired buddy just wants to eat
Sports A guy sliding to a base in baseball.
Vehicle A boy riding on a horse that is crossing over a board.
Furniture A man is playing Nintendo Wii in a living room.
Kitchen A pasta entree with broccoli on a white plate. 
Food A table with plates of food that include pizza and salad.
Person A man up to hit in the middle of a baseball game 
Food A shopping cart filled with lots of groceries.
Sports A man with a tennis racket on a court.
Person People use rickshaws to transport luggage down the street.
Outdoor Man in grey and black clothes grinding with his skateboard.
Person A woman that is next to a surfboard with a dog.
Person A baby with a toothbrush in his mouth while being held by a woman
Outdoor Searchlights in front view and a plane on a wide runway in the background.
Electronic A woman sitting on a bench next to a statue sitting on a bench.
Electronic I am unable to see an image above.
Furniture A bathroom not being used contains a toilet, sink, shower and bathtub.
Electronic There is a plate full of food in front of the laptop.
Food A slice of cake with frosting on a plate
Furniture A television screen in an open space at a political function.
Person A street scene with motorcycles parked along the side of the road with people dining outside.
Person A pair of motorcyclists drive down a highway at night.
Kitchen A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.
Animal One elephant standing away from the rest of the herd, drinking water.
Vehicle Subway car leaving the subway station at night.
Accessory A BOY ON HIS PHONE OUTSIDE NEAR A RED CHAIR.
Furniture A bunch of dogs running around in a field 
Electronic A man standing next to a stage coach bus parked at a bus stop.
Indoor A WOMAN IS HOLDING A HAIR DRYER IN HER HAND
Animal An elephant in a zoo walks behind the Asian Elephant sign.
Person a variety of partially eaten pizzas are sitting on several plates.
Furniture A young woman is holding a slice of pizza with her mouth.
Kitchen People watch a man delivering a lecture on a screen.
Food A pastry chief waiting on customers in a restaurant.
Animal Two giraffes that are standing in the grass.
Person A display of different pizzas in a restaurant. 
Person a man pets a horse attached to other horses 
Kitchen The panda bear likes to walk in the grass.
Sports A group of people standing on a snow covered hill.
Animal a cat laying on a computer keyboard and a monitor near by
Animal A cat laying on a bed in front of a book shelf.
Person A woman past two men in front of the MGM Grand.
Appliance A white double kitchen stove with raised burners.
Accessory This shows a view from across a courtyard in a city in a tropical location.
Animal A large elephant standing next to a smaller elephant.
Sports A player winds up to serve a tennis ball to his opponent.
Sports a close up of a person holding a bat in the dark
Kitchen A salad is in a red container and has lettuce, tomatoes and bits of carrots in it.
Kitchen A bathroom scene complete with a cast iron style tub.
Appliance a bathroom with a tub and sink inside of it 
Person Several different pieces of electronic equipment and computers on a desk.
Accessory A group of people sitting around a table having a meal.
Person A red bus sitting on the side of a road.
Indoor Not the biggest workspace in the world, but it works
Person A surfer is riding the waves as a sailboat sails in the background.
Person A man stands with his arms crossed as he looks at a clock.
Furniture Two stuffed animals in a wooden outdoor chair.
Appliance Interior bathroom shot of a glass shower and white sink fixtures.
Furniture A Corgi dog resting on frizzy beige carpet 
Vehicle White plane with red and blue detailing sits on tarmac.
Person A number of young people are enjoying themselves around a fountain, not far from a fire hydrant.
Person Colorful commuter train goes through a marina area on a cloudy day
Person a person playing frisbee on a field in sport wear
Indoor THIS IS A CLOSE UP PICTURE OF A STUFFED BEAR AND MONKEY
Food A girl holding a half eaten banana in her hands.
Electronic A few guys at a restaurant talking and eating.
Food A cake shaped like a teddy bear sits on a platter.
Vehicle Man in red shirt and black pants standing next to white flatbed truck cab next to a set of new tires.
Food Fried noodles and broccoli dish on a round plate.
Person There is a very large pizza with different toppings on it
Sports A skateboard flipping over a road with two shoes but no person.
Vehicle A motorcycle parked on the pavement near a building.
Kitchen A laptop in a bright yellow coffee house.
Sports A tennis players concentrates as he prepares to smack the ball.
Accessory a women that is playing tennis on a court
Accessory A neon double decker bus is driving by a few pedestrians.
Sports A man in shorts falling off of his surfboard
Vehicle The antique card shows the ship in the bay,
Food a table thath as some pizza and wine on it
Furniture People with drinks standing around a kitchen island.
Person The young girl is standing in front of the refrigerator.
Vehicle The people are sitting and standing at the event in the street.
Person a man that is skiing down a snowy field
Furniture an image of a park bench with flowers next to it
Outdoor A cat sitting on top of a bench in a field.
Kitchen A person holding a sandwich next to a cup of coffee.
Kitchen A couple holding a knife and cutting their wedding cake together.
Animal A herd of cattle grazing in a field 
Kitchen Four people are smiling together over a box of pizza.
Furniture A picture of some delicious food with people around. 
Outdoor A member of a tennis doubles team just returned a volley.
Animal A cat "reading" the text on a computer screen
Food A white plate topped with eggs and potatoes 
Furniture a white dog is sitting in the back of a truck and a mattress
Person A huge dragon kite flown with a steeple in the background.
Vehicle An Alaska Air Lines passenger jet at an airport terminal.
Accessory A man wearing a tie, jacket and white shirt.
Kitchen A man in an orange shirt pouring a glass of wine at a wine bar.
Person The group of people are really into the game.
Kitchen A sink with toiletry items setting on the edge.
Outdoor A cat in front of a wooden bench in a garden.
Electronic A laptop computer is open on a wooden desk.
Outdoor A stop sign is leaning on a rusted pole near a phone pole.
Outdoor A multicolored fire hydrant that is on the sidewalk.
Sports The man is swinging the tennis racket in the air. 
Furniture A woman in brown shirt holding a hotdog by tables with umbrellas.
Vehicle A briefcase with decorated with stickers placed on a table.
Animal A cat sits in the window behind the blind and looks outside.
Person A baseball player holding a bat as a ball approaches.
Animal a giraffe is running around in a green field
Accessory A International train station with a passenger train passing by.
Person A woman preparing food from a pot in kitchen
Kitchen A man standing in a kitchen cooking food.
Person A dilapidated bicycle frame underneath a Pedestrian Zone Sign.
Appliance A modern kitchen in white with stainless steel lights.
Indoor a boquet of flowers sits on a table 
Sports A man who is about to server a tennis ball.
Indoor A woman is in a barn with a brown horse.
Kitchen A strawberry milk shake and two strawberries on a plate.
Electronic a cat that is looking into a computer screen
Vehicle Several desserts on white plates near a glass of wine.
Accessory A dog sits on top of a mess of items.
Kitchen The person is looking in the refrigerator while the cat looks on.
Furniture multiple plates of food on a wooden table
Kitchen The white plate contains a meat sandwich on toast, garnished with lettuce, onions, and tomato.
Sports Two people on skies on a snowy mountain slope.
Furniture A dog that is laying down on a bed.
Appliance A person is taking a picture of a hotel bathroom.
Food A fork cutting a piece of cake on a plate
Accessory A group of baseball players that are walking in the outfield.
Sports A baseball player on home plate swinging a bat.
Kitchen Partially open door leading to a kitchen from a hallway.
Animal A picture of a cat on a wall. 
Indoor A cup sits on the edge of a white tub in a bathroom.
Animal a cat sitting on top of a blue refrigerator 
Person Four people are smiling together over a box of pizza.
Appliance A metallic refrigerator freezer next to a microwave oven.
Person Two boys riding on a single bicycle on a city street 
Indoor a desk in a room next to a couple of windows
Accessory People line up to take a city bus.
Food Five oranges with a red apple and a green apple.
Indoor A group of stuffed bears that are sitting on fake grass.
Animal A baby elephant is walking under a larger elephant.
Food two women are cutting and preparing a pizza
Electronic A man takes a black and white selfie with a phone. 
Vehicle A bus going to crosstown parked on side of road.
Sports A black and white photograph of a female tennis club.
Animal A pretty young woman is posing with her horse.
Appliance a long brown and white room with a kitchen
Furniture two people playing video game while standing one in purple is smiling
Indoor The cord and warning label on a hair dryer.
Kitchen Some oranges in a glass fruit bowl on top of a wooden table.
Vehicle Three empty park benches sitting next to orange and pink walls.
Person A view of a man wearing a casual shirt and tie.
Furniture a black table and stools sitting next to two windows with shutters
Outdoor A person walking down the street past snow covered benches
Kitchen Bright orange bathroom with spackling on the walls.
Electronic A man with a toothbrush taking a selfie in the bathroom mirror
Food a man sitting in a chair and eating a donut outside near some shrubbery.
Sports a black and white photo of three people standing 
Indoor A woman smiling near a large clock on the wall.
Person a man is swinging a tennis racket on a court
Furniture Small group with hand held video controllers interacting with out of frame screen.
Vehicle  a castle and the big ben clocktower next to a river 
Indoor Multiple time pieces displayed on the wall and on a flat surface.
Vehicle A clock on a pole is in the intersection of the streets.
Furniture A group of four older men posing for a photo.
Animal Two large elephants walking behind a wire fence on green grass.
Person The new motorcycle on display is very shiny.
Electronic A woman dressed as a zombie in a pink dress with a little girl.
Indoor The building has a light pole with for lights in front of it.
Person Men in blue with hats are riding elephants.
Person a bus and some cars parked outside a station
Person A man in white shirt and black shorts playing tennis.
Food a two layered cake sits on a table top 
Person Seven people seated at table talking and working on computer devices.
Kitchen a number of people in a kitchen preparing food 
Electronic A classroom of small children eating pizza. 
Animal Two black and white zebras standing next to each other while grazing on grass. 
Electronic three people sitting at a table with their cellphones
Kitchen A plate with a bowl filled with broccoli and two crackers with a spread.
Vehicle A couple of people that are playing with a frisbee.
Person A guy holding a pair of metal scissors in front of his eye.
Kitchen veggies and dip in a red tray, a sandwich and fries in a red tray and a pizza
Indoor The kitchen is lit with overhead lights, shining on the cupboard and sink
Electronic a couple of women are talking on their cellphones
Food Three white bowls of food that include soup and vegetables.
Person A man sitting at a table using a lap top.
Sports person in a grassy green field boardered by mountains
Person A bike, two dogs and a man sitting on public transportation. 
Person A smiling man in a hat is wearing sunglasses.
Furniture Workers are at the stoves in a restaurant.
Animal A group of giraffes that are standing in the grass.
Person A man who is holding a baseball bat.
Kitchen A display case of three different wooden combs.
Person Trolly in the middle of the city next to people.
Furniture There are some oranges next to some jars
Outdoor Black and white photograph of a man sitting at a bench.
Vehicle A motorcycle parked on a gravel road near a park.
Kitchen A man blows out candles from a birthday cake
Indoor A living room filled with furniture and a rug.
Vehicle A key bank sign with a clock on a building
Furniture A man in a shirt and tie sitting on a white chair next to a lamp.
Sports A person sailing in the air on a snow board.
Animal A young boy cutting a skate board shaped cake.
Indoor A large cathedral and clocktower building sits in front of an ocean with ferry and sailboats riding past.
Vehicle A German Shepherd dog wearing a helmet sitting by a motor cycle.
Person A close-up of a street sign with small shops in the background. 
Sports Three men celebrating some kind of personal victory.
Furniture Several children are seated in a row and holding electronic keyboards.
Kitchen A vase of red flowers sits on a bathroom countertop. 
Person some people sitting and one man looking at his cellphone
Vehicle An airplane is ascending into the white sky
Person Indoor tennis match, with a full crowd of spectators.
Appliance A metallic refrigerator freezer in a kitchen next to a cabinet.
Furniture A line of neon colored motorcycles parked in front of a bar.
Accessory Somebody wearing a giraffe costume greets people at a park.
Sports A hand written sign is posted on an object outside
Outdoor A fire hydrant sits on a sidewalk next to a fence. 
Food A little boy sits at a table in a restaurant eating a slice of pizza.
Appliance there is a red and black microwave on a counter
Person A man carrying a crate full of bananas on his shoulder.
Person A batter standing a home plate in a baseball field.
Person The cat is laying on the hood of the car. 
Furniture A room with a sink, bed and toilet in it
Indoor A room with a couch, chairs, television and a table. 
Furniture A man blows out candles from a birthday cake
Person a guy looking to the side and smiling
Person A person riding on the back of a horse walking across a field.
Person Two people on skis in front of ski lift.
Indoor A very tall clock tower towering over a city at night.
Indoor a glass vase with some flowers coming out of it 
Furniture A man throwing a ball in a black and white photo.
Vehicle A woman is sitting on a stool on a sidewalk.
Furniture military personnel cutting up pieces of cake to be passed out.
Sports A couple of women standing on a tennis court around a man.
Person A happy little boy holding a baseball with a baseball glove.
Person A parade of motorcycles is going through a group of tall trees.
Food Two sandwiches cut in half sitting on top of a white plate.
Person a man with his foot on a toilet and a man holding something in his hand
Sports A young man is in blue and white playing tennis.
Furniture Three teddy bears, each a different color, snuggling together.
Indoor A chair is made of bats and baseball bases.
Electronic An apple computer is on a table with supplies.
Animal A large brown and black dog laying on the back of a boat.
Person A man sits at a table outside wearing an umbrella hat.
Furniture A room with a bed, a clock, a lamp, a fireplace and a television.
Sports A baseball player holding a baseball bat during a game.
Outdoor A couple of traffic lights sitting on the side of a road.
Sports A man in the ocean with a dog on a surfboard.
Appliance A guy and a girl looking into the bathroom mirror taking a selfie photo with toothbrushes in their mouths.
Kitchen a white desk with three computers on it
Animal Four dogs playing together with a Frisbee in a large field.
Accessory A crowd of people are walking through a covered sidewalk.
Outdoor A cloudy sky is shown behind a Hollywood street sign.
Vehicle All of these men are using their cell phones.
Person A group of women pose in front of a sign hanging on a building.
Electronic A man holding his face up to a TV with a video game on display.
Furniture a man on his phone in some kind of room
Accessory Two women look at their phones on the train.
Person a close up of a person holding large wooden scissors
Furniture A vase full of red flowers sits in a room with red walls and red decorations.
Animal A cat is looking at a laptop screen.
Accessory There is a banana on a beach chair with a small umbrella
Person Many people are waiting for a bus at the bus terminal.
Appliance A microwave mounted into a wall next to unfinished cabinets without doors.
Vehicle A small wooden boat out of water on a beach.
Food Some people are seen eating several large pizzas.
Kitchen A bridge and groom cutting their wedding cake that has fruit on top.
Food Several broccoli plants planted next to a wall.
Outdoor A graffiti covered wall and parking meter are seen in this image.
Accessory When looking at mannequins without heads the clothing is superficial. 
Animal A young elephant in a river with rappids
Vehicle A group of people in military uniform stand outside a bus. 
Indoor Vehicles riding in front of building with a huge clock on it.
Furniture A person hugging another while cutting a cake.
Indoor A young woman sitting cross legged on an apartment sofa.
Person Several cattle walking down a street in front of a car.
Kitchen A display of fine food and spices on a wooden table.
Person A woman poses on the slope with her skis. 
Person A woman is sitting in a chair with an umbrella.
Accessory A person is sleeping on a bench in a sleeping bag.
Person People standing around a home built motorcycle used for racing.
Kitchen A room that has a fire extinguisher in it.
Vehicle A person kite boarding in rough seas near the shoreline.
Furniture A woman in lingerie laying on a bed.
Animal A cat climbing into a cat door on a wall.
Kitchen A woman standing next to a young boy holding a knife.
Sports A man and a young child in wet suits surfing in the ocean.
Food three people standing in front of trays of doughnuts and bagels
Indoor a black puppy playing with a hand as it stands in a black suitcase
Animal A cat has its front paws on a toilet seat.
Furniture A close up food in plastic containers with a blue plastic fork.
Sports A happy little boy holding a baseball with a baseball glove.
Sports three baseball players holding up bats on a baseball diamond
Animal A mother looks after a baby elephant in the wild.
Person A baseball player swinging a bat over home plate.
Sports A man laying on his back while kicking a soccer ball.
Person A unique car sitting beside an airplane. 
Vehicle A man that is standing next to a bicycle in the grass.
Person A hitter that just swung his bat in a baseball game.
Animal A cat sitting on top of a banana tree.
Appliance An elderly person in a kitchen cooking food.
Animal A large white sheep standing next to other sheep.
Sports The person in the bodysuit is surfing a wave.
Sports Skateboarder holding the bottom of his board in the air. 
Accessory Several basketball players in the middle of a game.
Electronic A bobble head baseball figurine on a desk. 
Vehicle A yellow, white, and brown double decker bus parked in a lot.
Furniture A table has suitcases leaning on it and clothes on top.
Sports A group of people in room with surfboards.
Sports A male tennis player in action on the court.
Indoor A bunch of pumpkins that have been carved with different faces in them. 
Person Lake or river beach with plane in shallow water. 
Person Seats placed on top of an elephant that is standing outside. 
Electronic Someone sitting on their bed looking at their laptop
Sports A man standing on a lush green field under a kite.
Animal A blue bicycle with a puppy in its basket is parked next to the bleacher steps. 
Vehicle A large bus driving down a city street.
Outdoor A man is feeding birds from a park bench
Kitchen Two apples, a bowl of food with berries and a pitcher and spoon on a purple place mat.
Furniture A messy bedroom has one red brick wall.
Appliance An open refrigerator filled up with food and condiments. 
Person A kid is holding two hot dogs in a room of kids.
Kitchen The nightstand of a hotel room holds an unused class and an ice bucket. 
Furniture A girl wearing a hat sits with her laptop.
Electronic A kitchen with a counter and a table with chairs.
Indoor a old looking tower that has a clock on it
Food Four different photos of bananas and banana holders.
Food A woman sitting at a table with a pizza on a plate.
Sports A boy is riding a skateboard past many food carts.
Accessory A man wearing sunglasses and a black hat.
Sports A woman riding skis down a snow covered slope.
Kitchen A table with bananas close to the road.
Person A group of young baseball players, playing a game.
Furniture A kitten on a bad with its arm stretched out toward the camera
Indoor A person frying some kind of food on a stove.
Person The father and daughter are under an umbrella on the beach.
Vehicle a man walks behind an ice cream truck 
Furniture A black plush toy sitting on the lid of a toilet.
Person A man is wearing a costume and speaking to children.
Vehicle Fast commuter train moving past an outdoor platform.
Appliance A man and a woman stand next to each other in a kitchen.
Furniture Three woman looking over a table full of food.
Furniture A woman lies in bed reading a book, and petting a cat.
Food A man is standing at the railing of his balcony.
Person A kid on a surfboard in the water.
Furniture A trio of men in baseball uniforms posing for a picture.
Furniture three baseball players holding up bats on a baseball diamond
Person A boy with a bat has a batting helmet pulled over his face.
Indoor A barbed wire fence has a teddy bear in it.
Food A group of young people holding a pizza party.
Outdoor some buildings some trees people and cars and signs
Kitchen A man standing at a counter talking to a woman.
Person A person holding a cell phone with multiple images of their hand holding the phone.
Animal There are two giraffes sitting together in the wild
Appliance this bathroom has pink tiles in the shower and is painted blue
Person A smiling skier poses in the snow before making her run.
Vehicle A body of calm water with a wooden canoe docked on the side and a home across the water.
Furniture A room with table, chair, tv monitor and stand
Person A midsized horse in a field with her rider standing
Person Two young boys play tennis inside a gym
Kitchen A shopping cart full of food that includes bananas and milk.
Furniture A group of young children standing in a room next to each other.
Outdoor The passenger train is pulling has arrived at the station.
Electronic a small child laying in bed playing nintendo wii
Indoor That looks like a statue of the Virgin Mary beside the church.
Person a small bird sits on top of a book page 
Person A young woman reading a text message that appears in the air next to her.
Sports a man that is on a surfboard in water
Outdoor A fire hydrant on a sidewalk of a city 
Indoor This crowded restaurant has an enormous clock on the wall
Person Articulated bus, first part is red, back part is grey, on dull red street.
Kitchen A man leaning on a railing is looking at the plate of food.
Vehicle Bicyclist on side of river watching rowers in a nanoe.
Vehicle A bench at the beach next to the sea
Furniture A long wooden restaurant table surrounded by people seated.
Furniture A white bed topped with lots of pillows and a wooden headboard.
Indoor Two plates that have food on a counter.
Appliance a kitchen with a refrigerator near a pair of shoes
Animal A cat sitting on a window sill in a room.
Person A man standing in front of a TV holding a Wii game controller.
Kitchen The dork with the earring stands next to the Asian beauty who is way out of his league.
Food Kitchen utensils and appliances have been left unattended
Sports a tennis player on a court with a racket
Kitchen an image of a woman holding a cake 
Person A bunch of girls sit on the grass with several things on a blanket.
Animal A giraffe standing in a field next to a fence.
Vehicle Outside photo of parked cars with a blackbird sitting on a parking meter.
Indoor A teddy bear watching a man with a tennis racket.
Furniture A man in a horse drawn carriage parked in front of a stone building.
Vehicle A man is charging through a field of grass.
Furniture Food on plates and a box of doughnuts. 
Animal A giraffe caged in while grass falling from his mouth. 
Vehicle A man riding a motorcycle with a woman on the back.
Accessory Couple of empty chairs on the beach under an umbrella while people in the ocean
Vehicle An old plane sitting on the grass beside the runway.
Person A woman holding something out in her hand
Person  This is a picture of some friends playing frisbee in the park.
Sports A girl glides down a snowy hill on a snowboard.
Furniture A KITCHEN IN THE ROOM WITH WHITE APPLIANCES 
Furniture A dog in a cage with a padded bed and water bowl
Vehicle Two men are riding on horses at a gas station.
Animal A black cat with arched back walking past a motorcycle
Food Bananas, cocoa powder and other ingredients to make something.
Kitchen A man who is cutting something in a kitchen.
Appliance A pizza covered in cheese dripping down onto the bottom of an oven burning.
Accessory A pile of different colored bags of luggage sitting on a floor.
Furniture A residential bathroom has a modern motel look with upgraded fixtures and accessories.
Indoor a keyboard an orange and white cat a desk and a monitor
Vehicle A person riding a very tall bike in the street.
Person A woman walking through the rain with an umbrella
Furniture a picture of a guy holding an apple
Accessory A women in a hat, tank top, argyle boots, and socks sits beside stacked luggage.
Furniture A bathroom with a toilet and a drain in it. 
Sports A person standing on a beach with surfboard.
Kitchen A picture of a restaurant interior is taken through a fish-eye lens.
Animal A white horse is chewing ferns in a wooded valley
Sports Two men playing a game of tennis on a court.
Furniture Various plates of food that include hashbrowns, waffles and grits.
Food A plate of shredded chicken with a broccoli cheese sauce.
Person A person in the snow on some skis.
Sports A man wears a light while skiing at night.
Accessory A person crossing a street next to a crosswalk.
Vehicle One white and red plane and one grey plane on the ground
Appliance A bathroom with a tub and a towel cabinet.
Food Food items displayed such as coffee cake, a pastry and a beverage in a glass cup.
Kitchen An alcoholic beverage with an orange slice in it. 
Kitchen A  young child standing in front of a table with plates of food.
Sports Two people on skateboards riding down a slanted road.
Vehicle A woman riding on the back of a motorcycle.
Food A few pizza slices next to a couple of bread slices.
Person a little boy touching the nose of a brown horse
Appliance A man and a woman are posing for a picture in a kitchen.
Sports A male tennis player preparing to strike the incoming ball
Person There are several boats in the water that you can see from the beach. 
Person Two people in ski gear standing at the top of a mountain.
Person a man riding the waves on a surfboard
Person The friends are playing a game together in a living room.
Accessory A couple of people standing with a umbrella.
Appliance A colorful square shaped pizza in an oven.
Sports A woman hits the tennis ball during a match.
Electronic a person standing in a forest using a cell phone.
Food Large Bacon Lettuce and Tomato Sandwich with a side of chips.
Kitchen A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
Vehicle A photograph of an outside with numerous things in the scene.
Animal A giraffe and a goose stand in a fenced area. 
Indoor a close up of a dog riding a skate board 
Vehicle A group of people standing around at a rodeo.
Person People are skiing and snowboarding on a high mountain. 
Person a number of people in a room with a person playing nintendo wii
Kitchen A group of people posing for a photograph at a black tie event.
Vehicle Two men sitting underneath an umbrella on a sidewalk.
Food A group if children having a snack at their desks while a group of adults in suits visits them. 
Sports A group of people standing beside a bench with frisbees.
Person Three people with cups on the couch and one with remote standing
Outdoor A black and white photo of a couple sitting on two park benches.
Accessory A city white bus stopped at a bus stop in front of tall buldings.
Vehicle This is a photo of traffic on a busy city highway. 
Sports a para sailor launching his sail at the beach.
Sports A man walking up the beach after finishing parasailing.
Sports A group of men, women and children walking toward the water with surfboards.
Outdoor A guy smiling while standing under a run for rights banner.
Vehicle A empty table in a restaurant with a gentleman using a computer by the window.
Sports A man running towards a ball with a tennis racket in his hand. 
Person A double decker bus is going down a street.
Vehicle A large yellow school bus stopping on a road.
Vehicle A living room with dark colored furniture and a fire place.
Sports A man in a park, flies his kite with a long tail.
Indoor A stuffed teddy bear with a person in bed.
Person A horse standing next to a fence being seen through a lens.
Sports A windsurfer and a dog walk along an ocean beach.
Kitchen A sink in a peninsula in a kitchen.
Accessory A child and person stand under an umbrella. 
Person There are people standing in the snow on skis.
Vehicle A BMW motorcycle is parked on display in this field
Person The officer is riding his motorcycle in a busy street.
Person This is a Canadian sightseeing bus with a maple leaf advertising on the 
Person Park benches with a brown fence in the background and trees overhead.
Kitchen Assortment of cooked vegetable on white plate on table.
Outdoor A person sits on a wooden bench facing blooming trees.
Electronic A room with a mirrored closet, keyboard and a dog on a bed.
Sports A baseball pitcher follows through after releasing the ball.
Kitchen The living room is nicely cleaned and organized.
Furniture Lady in her living room playing with the dog.
Sports a man riding a surfboard under the swell of a wave 
Kitchen Two friends sitting at diner eating a slice of pizza.
Sports A blond girl holding a baseball bat and smiling with her hand over her mouth.
Food The donut robot machine is mechanically making donuts.
Vehicle A group of people are sitting outside an outdoor market.
Person The child poses with a fork on his dessert plate.
Person A little girl playing with an interactive gaming unit.
Vehicle A cat sitting on the floor watching television.
Food A kid is holding two hot dogs in a room of kids.
Kitchen A laptop is sitting on a computer desk.
Person a person walking across the street with a traffic light above
Accessory a close up of a person standing wearing a suit and tie
Furniture A baby is looking at a book while sucking a pacifier.
Furniture A bathroom that has a small dividing wall next to it.
Animal An elephant walking with a harness on it's back where people are able to sit.
Animal The zebra is standing by the local watering hole.
Animal an orange and white cat is laying next to a keyboard and some wires
Food A bowl of tomato soup and two pieces of grilled cheese.
Furniture A bathroom with curtains that have floral decor on them.
Kitchen The workers are working at their computers at their desks.
Animal A bird on a limb surrounded by folliage.
Person A table with a plate that has a pizza on it along with fresh vegetable and meat toppings.
Person A couple is sitting on a bench in front of the water. 
Person A person flushing a toilet with a motion sensor.
Vehicle The ten speed bike is attached to the pole.
Person some women are sitting on a red blanket with food and drinks
Person a young Asian woman model sitting on a folding chair in a sleeveless dress, high heels and holding an umbrella
Furniture The neatly made bed is beside an open window.
Accessory A group photo of men and boys from the Goodmayes Boys School dated April 1929.
Vehicle a black couch a green chair a red chair a mirror and a ceiling fan
Accessory A picture collage with fire hydrants and people.
Accessory A hotel room with a small television and a work desk.
Outdoor A wooden bench and a fire hydrant on a field.
Food There are bananas around another piece of fruit. 
Person A girl stands with her umbrella in hand in a crowd. 
Food A person cutting a pizza next to a salad and bottles of wine on wooden table.
Person a person sitting on a side walk talking on a cell phone 
Vehicle A street light in front of a colorful train on a bridge.
Vehicle A stop sign is on a dented wooden pole.
Sports A man that is standing on a motorcycle in the water.
Person A man fixing a toilet in a black and white photo.
Person Four men are standing together behind a group of red chairs.
Person A man who is about to server a tennis ball.
Furniture a cat walking down the center of the kitchen
Electronic A person is sitting with their dog watching tv.
Person two people standing close to each other playing nintendo wii
Sports A surfer goes airborne on top of a wave in the ocean.
Food A handful of apples and oranges sit in a bowl.
Furniture Group of small children running down the field playing soccer.
Food A woman is slicing a cake with her friends.
Indoor A person holding many papers and cutting one with scissors.
Sports A woman holds a racket in front of a net.
Vehicle Horses and bikes are traveling down a track.
Indoor A big fancy glass chandelier hanging in a small kitchen.
Furniture A cat reaching for a knife that has it's blade out.
Outdoor A wooden bench overlooking a harbor beneath a cloudy sky.
Indoor A charming living room utilizes a cast iron stove as a focal point.
Accessory A transporting cart parked in a street while passengers board.
Appliance a microwave oven with some food inside of it 
Furniture A clean bathroom with tan walls and no curtain. 
Animal Several vehicles and a horse drawn cart pull up outside of a building.
Person four men playing frisbee in a fenced park
Vehicle A passenger sign on the tracks at a station.
Furniture Standing suit cases being stored in a room.
Accessory A herd of sheep that are walking through a large group of people.
Vehicle A  small bus traveling down a street.
Sports A group of baseball players sit with their gear in the dugout.
Kitchen Large baked pizza served on stand at table with beverages.
Food a kitchen view of a counter cabinets stove and pots
Sports A person that is going out in the water.
Furniture Commode sits on grass next to sign at outdoor event.
Outdoor Single train parked at a train station on a clear day.
Outdoor A train is stopping to pick up passengers on the platform.
Sports there is a surfer at the beach riding waves in the ocean
Vehicle A man holding matches and a cigarette in his mouth.
Person A man walking with a goat on his shoulders
Indoor an image of a clock displayed on a statue of birds
Furniture There are two sandwiches on a starbucks plate
Food A fried egg with a runny yolk tops a mini whole wheat pizza made with melted cheese and spinach. 
Vehicle Three people ride on an elephant in front of a forest. 
Vehicle A train traveling down tracks next to a  brick building.
Person The man playing tennis is reaching up to hit the ball.
Sports A soccer game with players from both teams going after the ball and other players close behind.
Food some gross ass vegetables that look slimy AF
Outdoor a group of men walking across the street
Sports A few soccer players are having a confrontation
Person A young man sitting on a park bench next to a playground.
Kitchen The people are sitting and standing at the event in the street.
Vehicle A person is riding a motorcycle on a city street.
Furniture A group of carrots with an organically grown strip tag around them.
Electronic People are walking around with their luggage at an airport.
Outdoor Many people are sitting on two benches next to a light pole.
Sports A baseball runner slows as he arrives at third base
Animal A small dog in a car standing on his owner.
Animal A large cat sitting in a bathroom sink under a mirror.
Person person in a grassy green field boardered by mountains
Animal A woman in blue jacket holding a black bear cub.
Person A man holding a baseball bat while standing next to home plate.
Person A knight riding on the back of a brown horse through a lush green field.
Vehicle a green orange and silver train and some cars
Furniture A box full of matching, ridged donuts with glaze.
Kitchen A white bowl that includes carrots and broccoli.
Person A woman is taking a picture of food with a mobile device.
Person A baseball player is about to swing at the ball. 
Person A group of people standing next to each other near a ground of people on a green patch fo grass.
Vehicle A lays potato chip deliver van parked in a parking space.
Person A bike lane has been painted on the road.
Person two children being entertained by preparing pizza at home.
Furniture A toilet decorated with a colorful quilted top.
Kitchen A portion of this chocolate pastry has been eaten.
Accessory A group of people look at the dark green motorcycle parked on the grass.
Vehicle A couple of airplanes flying under a cloudy sky.
Appliance A bathroom door is open revealing a toilet, sink, and hanging cabinet.
Outdoor Beach goers set up umbrellas next to rental signs while a cop watches.
Kitchen A bathroom contains a toilet and sink below a vanity.
Person Two woman and a man pose for a picture while one woman cuts a cake
Animal A majestic bear looks out across a grass plain.
Person Asian businessman in a restaurant with one of them being served. 
Outdoor A red trolley car driving down a parking lot.
Person A couple of men in the water on surfboards.
Person A pizza pie being enjoyed at a cafe of some sort.
Person this large building has a tower that has a clock on it
Person This is a photo of traffic on a busy city highway. 
Kitchen A man sits on a chair and plays video games.
Food A pizza sitting on top of a white plate on a kitchen table.
Food Fresh fruit cart containing oranges and pears on it
Furniture A living room with wood floors, a couch, wooden chair bookshelves and coffee table.
Accessory Several men in costume gather together under their umbrellas.
Furniture Twp people shaking hands on a tennis court.
Person A woman standing next to another woman in a building.
Person a women that has a carrot in her hand
Person Kid poses for a picture in a baseball uniform holding a bat
Appliance A kitchen with a stove, sink and coffee maker.
Outdoor A policeman on a motorcycle at night watching pedestrians cross a street
Electronic An electronic device is being held as it displays a message and an image.
Furniture A living room with a loveseat and chairs surrounding a table.
Outdoor A pretty red white and blue parking meter by some shrubs.
Sports A man throws a tennis ball into the air to serve it
Indoor A black and white image with a colored british flag umbrella
Indoor Adult males sitting at table during meal in restaurant.
Kitchen A tasty looking sandwich that is cut in half to eat.
Animal A row of sheep by a wooden fence with a guy holding a bowl. 
Furniture A man playing a tennis game in front of a crowd.
Food Bananas are piled on a white circular plate.
Kitchen A lady wearing glasses looking at a large pizza
Vehicle A shopping center sign right by a road and a big red building.
Person We are looking at a motorcycle riding through the fox.
Animal The two elephants are walking around the trees together
Electronic Three men pose and smile at a table.
Furniture A toilet with a black seat next to a shower.
Person A female skier sits down on a bench eating a bagel.
Accessory aerial view of suitcases grouped together waiting on a sidewalk
Outdoor A fire hydrant has frozen and is covered in icicles.
Accessory A truck made to look like a train parked on the side of the road.
Appliance a pot of food on a stove with broccoli 
Person A man rides to the top of a skateboard ramp.
Furniture A beach chair and umbrella sit empty near the water.
Animal A Giraffe looking down in front of a fence.
Animal A brown bear lays down in the woods.
Furniture Kids are sitting at a table with a plate, fork, spoon, and cups on it.
Food A very old fashioned kitchen with retro floor tiles.
Kitchen A glass of milk next to a round purple vase.
Sports a number of baseball players on a field 
Vehicle A man sitting on top of a bus over a billboard.
Electronic two women sitting in two separate train cars.
Kitchen A kitchen with wooden furniture and a vase filled with red flowers.
Person A man leaning back with a tennis racquet in his hand.
Person The panda bear likes to walk in the grass.
Kitchen A clear bottle and a glass set behind a burner on a stove
Indoor A TV mounted in a cow on a wall.
Furniture A counter in a kitchen line with black metal stools.
Kitchen An older image of a toddler, dog, and adult doing dishes. 
Person A skier performing a backflip with the sky as background
Kitchen A picture of a cat on a wall. 
Person A piece of cake and a milkshake with two forks.
Vehicle a black bird is sitting on a parking meter and some cars
Person A green motorcycle parked on top of a green lawn.
Electronic A mouse is next to a keyboard on a desk
Furniture a two layered cake sits on a table top 
Food A plate full of sushi,with more behind it.
Indoor A man is searching for food in a refrigerator.
Animal a zebra and a giraffe stand next to each other.
Animal a dog sniffing a red fire hydrant near grass
Electronic A guy taking a picture of a very big pizza.
Food two flatbread pieces covered with different ingredients in between a flight of beers
Vehicle A group of motorcycles parked on the side of a road.
Furniture This is what your ceiling fan thinks your house looks like.
Kitchen a group of people stand beside of a giant elephant 
Sports Two women leaving a beach with kites flying in the background.
Accessory a male with a beard and orange tie 
Appliance A very dirty looking rest room with poor lighting.
Sports Skateboarder and his shadow, performing the same trick
Furniture A man sitting on a train at a table using a laptop.
Furniture THERE IS A PERSON ON THE BEACH 
Vehicle A fighter jet plane ascending into the sky.
Furniture A person watering plants with a computer in the foreground.
Person The hand is pointing a remote at a screen.
Vehicle A bus stopped at a curb to allow people to board the bus. 
Person A woman training her beautiful brown horse. 
Vehicle A front end of a big train near a bridge.
Electronic A white computer monitor sitting above a keyboard.
Electronic a cat is standing in front of a television
Sports A sitting child and several adults outside of a batting cage.
Accessory A group of people getting off of a bus .
Appliance It is all  kinds of books on the book selves. 
Vehicle Someone has parked a classic orange ten speed bicycle.
Person A dog on a boat with a person in the water.
Sports A boy standing on skis in the snow.
Person a couple of plates with food inside sits next to each other 
Furniture Picture of a kitchen with some plants and a window.
Appliance A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
Outdoor Two green street signs crossing each other above a stop sign.
Sports A girl with a baseball bat in the backyard smiles. 
Animal Car with window down and dog sticking out while taking pictures
Person a person holding a surf board in a body of water
Kitchen A collage displays colorful deserts and fresh vegetables.
Furniture A very busy woman working on her computer.
Person An assortment of street lights and signs next to an ocean.
Kitchen A pair of men sitting at a table in a diner.
Sports A person on a skate board is doing a trick.
Accessory A man in a leopard robe stands next to a bed
Kitchen A black and whit vase sitting on a small table.
Sports Number of skiers coming down the mountain on a glorious day  
Kitchen A bride and groom cut their wedding cake as others look on.
Electronic A cat playing with an old computer mouse.
Animal Horses racing on a dirt track with flowers around the scoreboard.  
Person A woman and kids on a beach with a large rocky area in background.
Animal a couple of horses are standing in the street
Food A person's hand holding up a bitten radish.
Kitchen A nice kitchen has a large crystal chandelier.
Sports A group of boys playing baseball on a field.
Person a group of old people sitting on a bench talking 
Kitchen A desk with a laptop, second monitor and keyboard.
Accessory A man is flying a kite at the beach.
Animal Two giraffes make contact while a third eats from a tree.
Food A sandwich and side items next to a small serving of orange slices.
Person A person riding a horse in the dirt near a wall.
Indoor A living room with hard wood flooring and black furniture.
Furniture There are is a picture of a couple, a beany baby bear, and pot of grass on a mantle.
Food A woman holding a hot dog on the street.
Electronic Two men with back packs and walking sticks 
Furniture The meal of fish has a side of broccoli. 
Outdoor A blue bicycle sits on a sidewalk near a street.
Electronic A desk and chair in an office cubicle.
Outdoor A busy intersection with cars waiting for a red light.
Outdoor A snow covered ramp in a parking garage
Kitchen a man that is taking a picture of some food
Kitchen A donut is on the table on a white saucer.
Person A couple of young boys standing around a boy with a baseball bat.
Electronic Furniture is arranged around a house's living room.
Indoor A group of people getting their food from a bag.
Person A group of guys are sitting at a table eating and laughing.
Person A woman walking down a street talking on a cell phone.
Person A clown is standing in a cable car and talking on a cell phone.
Animal A cat sitting on a wicker chair in the sun.
Electronic Small table and chairs set in a small kitchen.
Appliance A kitchen filled with metal appliances and a window.
Kitchen a living room with a couch and a chair 
Accessory A group of young women holding umbrellas while walking down a street.
Appliance A modern bathroom with square sink and backlit mirror.
Person Lady in her living room playing with the dog.
Furniture Dog smiles while sleeping in a bed room.
Animal This gray cat has curled up into a ball
Food two people sitting at a table posing for a photo
Electronic A man and woman posing for a picture in a sports bar.
Person A crowd of people flying kites over a field.
Sports Boats docked on land sitting side by side next to a lake.
Furniture Small bathroom with a shower, sink, and toilet.  
Outdoor A rusted fire hydrant planted firmly on the ground.
Vehicle Two men are on a bicycle and a third is on a scooter.
Kitchen A little girl holding a white Nintendo Wii game controller.
Outdoor A large group of people flying kites beside a body of water
Person a horse pulling a cart with a person on top of it 
Sports a girl playing tennis with a bad knee
Sports some people in a park flying a kite with a long tail
Animal a dog follows closely behind a man on a horse.
Animal a giraffe stares out of a glass window 
Indoor There is a white cord hanging down a wall.
Vehicle A boy doing a skateboard trick on a street.
Person A woman in brown shirt holding a hotdog by tables with umbrellas.
Animal Two elephants standing next to each other in a field.
Vehicle a close up of an the front of an amtrak train 
Person Two people play video games while sitting on a couch.
Kitchen a girl sitting at a table in front of two pizzas
Person four brown stacked suitcases and a woman with a red purse
Kitchen A empty table in a restaurant with a gentleman using a computer by the window.
Electronic A room with a man in it talking on his phone.
Food A group of people sitting at a table.
Accessory Boats are docked in a lake by a road.
Furniture People sunbathing near a beach under colorful umbrellas
Accessory three people on a field of green grass
Person A yellow and a green motorcycle in the back of an auditorium.
Sports many large kites flying in the sky 
Sports The picture of a pin has a huge bat in the background beside a building.
Appliance A man in a bathroom looking at himself in the mirror. 
Furniture A black and white living room with modern furniture.
Animal People are walking down the sidewalk in a city. 
Person a person walking down the street holding an umbrella
Person Two surfers walk down the beach holding their boards.
Outdoor A green traffic light suspended above a street.
Electronic A wall that has a wavy light patterns on it.
Outdoor A horse pulling a wagon behind itself near a fire hydrant.
Vehicle A blue bus parked in front of a tall building.
Outdoor A pole with stop lights and a horse walking sign.
Person A man running with a racket trying to .hit a tennis ball
Vehicle A jet plane is flying across the sky.
Outdoor a person sitting on a bench wearing some boots and yellow jacket
Accessory two soldiers in uniforms holding plaques in front of them.
Sports a man with a tennis racket gets ready to swing his racket 
Indoor An outdated plaid blue couch sits in the living room.
Kitchen Cat going inside house through small opening on door. 
Person A man on skis riding through a snowy trail.
Furniture The interior layout of an average clean bathroom.
Vehicle Articulated bus, first part is red, back part is grey, on dull red street.
Person A baseball player pitching a baseball on a field.
Furniture A bride and groom prepare to cut the wedding cake
Vehicle A bus and a smart car parked outside of a building.
Indoor A large clock sits on the bank of a body of water.
Person Two people riding a motorcycle to the beach.
Furniture A fancy dinner setting, with a centerpiece and turned-over wine glasses.
Kitchen A woman sitting down at a table with pizza.
Person Large office desk with computers near a window.
Animal A herd of elephants standing on top of a dirt field.
Electronic a boy and a woman are in front of a counter
Furniture a cabinet towels a toilet and a sink
Kitchen a keyboard an orange and white cat a desk and a monitor
Person A girl sitting on a bed is taking a self portrait.
Indoor A woman in glasses holding up a cake with frosting.
Outdoor People look on as a ball heads towards a batter.
Furniture A little girl sitting in front of a laptop computer.
Kitchen Three men sitting at a table eating breakfast. 
Accessory a luggage bag on top of a table 
Food Three workers stand next to each other with their baked goods behind them.
Outdoor a number of people walking on a side walk
Kitchen a couch in a living room with three pillows
Sports A boy cutting a cake in the shape of a skateboard.
Vehicle A bus makes a splash in the heavy rain.
Furniture Someone is standing over a dirty toilet. 
Electronic a person on a bike that is by some water
Person A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game with man recording.
Person A man on snowboard standing by a mountain.
Person A laptop with external keyboard, mouse, phone and photo on a desk.
Person The interior of a dimly lit plane or train.
Accessory A gray teddy bear cake on top of a wooden bench.
Indoor A woman with foam coming out of her mouth, brushing her teeth.
Person Three young people walking behind a large crowd.
Furniture Old fashion like furniture are sitting near a table in a room. 
Animal A kitten laying asleep on top of a turned on laptop.
Person A girl walking a path holding an orange umbrella.
Sports A an flying a kite in a field away from parked cars and other flying kites.
Person two people are camping out in the desert
Animal An orange cat sitting on top of a table.
Kitchen A sliced of pizza is served on a white plate.
Indoor A cow sculpture with a TV sticking out of it's center.
Person there is a male tennis player about to hit the ball
Sports Two men are standing atop a snowy hill top.
Furniture An orange dog sitting on a couch or chair, looking at the camera.
Person A man standing along side of a truck trailer.
Animal A black and white cat drinks water from a sink faucet.
Accessory A man is speaking at a panel in front of a crowd.
Outdoor A stop sign taken through the window of a train
Accessory this is a little girl standing in an airport
Sports A boy riding waves on his surf board in the ocean. 
Person A boy sitting between a man and a woman.
Food A couple of slices of pizza and a glass of drink.
Furniture Two little girls looking the through the holes in doughnuts. 
Kitchen A group of people sitting around a wooden table.
Kitchen The banana is laying next to an almost empty bowl.
Accessory A woman with an umbrella is walking past a bus.
Kitchen A bride and groom are cutting their wedding cake. 
Kitchen A den with a large coffee table, couch and a television.
Electronic A teddy bear that appears to be made out of wood.
Vehicle A white plane flies in the cloudy sky.
Person An umpire is in jump action while the pitcher launches the ball.
Accessory A giant banana is sitting in beach chair which is overlooking turquoise water.
Person Group of people play video games at bestbuy
Person A woman holding a lemon by her side and a tennis racquet in the other hand.
Furniture The Little League batter is taking a swing at home plate.
Person A young woman with bruised face and bloody now holding a stuffed animal mouse in her arms.
Person A scooter and tiny truck at a beach dry dock.
Indoor The young boy is playing in the living room of his house. 
Food Two pizzas sitting in pie pans on top of  a stove.
Person A person at a skateboard park, jumping his skateboard.
Person A tennis player is looking up to the sky.
Vehicle The man on the motorcycle pulled up beside the car.
Person A couple of people standing in front of a table filled with cup cakes.
Food A counter with cakes, food and serving utensils. 
Electronic A television on a dresser in what appears to be a hotel room.
Indoor Antique living room furniture on display, behind red velvet ropes.
Electronic A desk with various items that include cellphone, mouse and pocket change.
Food A clean industrial kitchen with no one in it
Kitchen A woman in glasses holding up a cake with frosting.
Indoor A close up of a sliced hot dogs placed in a sandwich.
Vehicle A yellow bus with tinted windows driving uphill down a street.
Furniture a room with a tv and some different types of couches
Appliance A living room with seating areas, tables, and windows.
Animal A little white dog is standing on a bench.
Person Boy riding a skateboard down a road or paved sidewalk 
Accessory a row of surf boards placed in the sand
Appliance A colorful public restroom focused on the sinks.
Food A white bowl of green granny smith apples.
Vehicle A commercial plane being serviced by two people.
Accessory A man looks at something that he is holding
Person A boy riding waves on his surf board in the ocean. 
Person A beautiful red haired woman holding a colorful umbrella.
Person A boy cutting a cake in the shape of a skateboard.
Indoor A passenger train is sitting at a station.
Appliance It is a kitchen filled with regular kitchen appliances.
Sports A young man is catching or throwing a frisbee,
Kitchen Three laptop computers and a desktop computer sit next to each other.
Sports A skateboarder on a rail in a  building with another man using a spray can as a blow torch.
Sports A young boys is hitting a baseball while another young boy is playing catcher.
Sports A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
Person The pack mules carrying loads on their backs are ascending the stairway. 
Kitchen A piece of broccoli on a metal fork.
Animal A herd of cattle and zebra standing next to each other on a  field.
Food A person reaching into an open box of doughnuts
Animal A little boy has a hairbrush in his hands.
Accessory a bride and groom couple cuts the wedding cake 
Sports Teen baseball player ready to bat while other teammates take practice swings in background.
Furniture Someone holding up a remote with six buttons.
Food A man covering his eyes while standing next to multiple boxes filled with bananas.
Animal three adult giraffes in a field among trees
Indoor Gauges attached to pipes displayed in dimly lit area.
Person A man that is standing on ski's in the snow.
Food A large white cake on a small table.
Person There is a person flying a kite on the beach.
Furniture The table has been decorated with a very modern look.
Animal A dog sitting on top of stairs.] with a red bow tie.
Person A contestant has caught a sheep during a rodeo event.
Sports A woman walking up to get the freeze bee.
Accessory A large group is sitting together and eating at a restaurant.
Person The woman is pointing to a phone in a cover.
Accessory A young man in a suit and tie with a beer in his hand.
Kitchen A couple of blocks of chocolate sitting next to bananas and pudding.
Person a red train is docked at the station
Sports Two guys plays an outdoor game with each other.
Kitchen A white plate full of cooked meat and vegetables. 
Food many pienapples and bannanas sitting on a stand
Person Two girls playing frisbee out in the sun.
Kitchen A glass bowl filled with oranges on a table.
Person Several male horse riders crossing a river to shore.
Food a bunch of fruit sit on sale for the public 
Sports Four seahorses in the sky next to four birds.
Vehicle An intersection with traffic signals and several street signs.
Vehicle A airplane that is flying in the sky.
Animal a couple of dogs are laying on a coach
Person A white and blue buss driving on a cobblestone road.
Person There are many links of sausage on the grill.
Kitchen A young man pouring glasses of wine in a kitchen
Furniture A bedroom with a bed and a flat screen TV on top of a wooden dresser.
Vehicle The bikes are all parked beside the sign.
Person A male tennis player reaching up to hit the ball.
Food Two plates full of food sitting on a table next to a bottle.
Electronic A LITTLE BABY IS LAYING ON THE FLOOR NEXT TO A CELL PHONE
Animal A female plays with her dog in the living room
Electronic Two friends are playing each other on the wii.
Kitchen A woman holding a plate of cake covered in frosting.
Furniture A living room with a sofa, a bookcase, and a laptop charging. 
Kitchen there is a small pizza that is on a white plate
Kitchen A cat lying a top on the desk on a laptop. 
Person Man using his laptop computer in a dark room 
Food A hand pulls a slice of mushroom pizza from the pie.
Person People are walking in front of some shops.
Accessory The woman are eating their hot dogs while walking.
Animal A group of forest creatures near a downed tree in the woods.
Person a person on a field flying a kite with trees in the background
Sports Four dogs playing together with a Frisbee in a large field.
Person Three people stand with an elephant in front of a stream.
Accessory a man that has a green tie and white shirt
Person A lady in a bedroom with a tripod.
Outdoor A clock on a white building in a city
Person An athlete is performing on a sports field.
Vehicle Two row boats are laying upside down in the woods.
Sports A girl in a tennis outfit getting ready to swing a tennis raquet on a tennis court.
Vehicle A woman holding a white and brown cat.
Kitchen A thing is in the outline and it shows up like something 
Person A bunch of kids on a field play soccer.
Kitchen A tray filled with a cut in half sandwich and a cup of coffee.
Accessory People inside a commuter train, with their luggage and bicycles.
Sports A person walking in the snow with skis on their back.
Person A red stop sign sitting on the side of a tall building.
Vehicle A man performs a trick on a skateboard over a rail.
Kitchen Small pizza sits on a plate on a restaurant table. 
Vehicle a vintage photo of some people sitting under an umbrella 
Person Two large elephants standing next to a wire fence.
Person A person wearing a heavy coat while holding up a cell phone.
Furniture a big bowl of oranges that is on the floor
Person Man laying in bed eating a piece of toast.
Vehicle THERE IS A MAN THAT IS LOOKING OUT OF THE WINDOW 
Vehicle A man smiles while he stands beside a bike with a bike on it
Kitchen A group of people sit at a large table while talking.
Vehicle A street light on a street corner with cars driving on it. 
Kitchen A very fancy modern bedroom with a large mural over the bed.
Furniture The desert is made and ready to be eaten. 
Furniture The catcher races from behind homeplate onto the field.
Animal A white cat caught a bird outside on a patio.
Person A woman in a messy living room playing the Wii.
Furniture The nightstand of a hotel room holds an unused class and an ice bucket. 
Sports Many surfboards are propped against a rail on the beach.
Animal THIS IS A FAMILY OF GIRAFFES RUNNING THROUGH THE BUSH
Person A man sits on a bench underneath trees.
Food a close up of a bowl of carrots and broccoli
Accessory A dark skinned woman posses beneath an umbrella. 
Kitchen A fridge with a lot of magnets in a kitchen.
Person A skateboarder performing a trick on a ledge.
Vehicle A small white boat sits on some calm water under a snow capped mountain.
Person Some people on snow boards high up in the air.
Food a man looking at a round ball in front of him 
Accessory A man and a women standing next to each other.
Person A young child who is holding an umbrella.
Indoor A woman and dog in a living room with the tv on.
Indoor The cat is setting in front of the TV.
Accessory A group of people standing next to a bus under an airplane.
Kitchen A refrigerator freezer next to a  wall.
Indoor A large clock and two birds make a statue.
Kitchen Two plates full of food sitting on a table next to a bottle.
Person A group of giraffe Standing up against a dirt wall in front of a crowd of children.
Furniture a young child looking at a birthday cupcake
Sports a young man in a red shirt is playing tennis 
Furniture a chicken meal with carrots broccoli and rice
Person A buffet display case filled with lots of pizzas on pans.
Sports A man in a wet suit riding a wave on a surf board.
Accessory this is a blow dryer in a bathroom
Person a woman smoking while talking on a cell phone
Person A man preparing food in a restaurant kitchen.
Animal A person riding a very tall bike in the street.
Outdoor Skate boarder hang time with young man appearing to streak though the air.
Indoor A large wooden shelf with a bench of action figures on top of it.
Accessory A man sits on the tires of a car that rests on the ground. 
Furniture An office chair at a desk filled with computers and phones.
Animal an image of a night scene with a cat on top of a car
Animal Elephants standing beside each other outside on a road. 
Food The people are selecting their donuts at the counter.
Outdoor An empty green park bench sitting among overgrowth.
Sports A skateboarder skates and balances on a railing.
Accessory A man on his phone is on a red bench.
Sports A snowboarder headed down a hill in front of trees.
Food A pizza chef putting a pizza in an oven in a professional kitchen.
Animal Two men and a woman riding on the back of an elephant.
Indoor Corner of a bedroom with a laptop and luggage on a floor.
Electronic A kitchen is nicely organized and looks very clean.
Appliance a woman in a congested kitchen in ahotel
Person A man and woman hugging in a restaurant
Person A drawing of a young woman with many facial piercings.
Vehicle A boy prepares to swing a baseball bat.
Animal A bird sits atop a wooden post and watches its surroundings
Sports A boy standing by a soccer ball on a field.
Appliance Little girl holding up a sheet of uncooked rolls by oven. 
Appliance a big orange bowl full of assorted veggies with hands above it 
Person A man spins a frisbee as the audience looks on.
Animal Man cradling dog dressed in uniform with it's head resting on his shoulder.
Person Man making funny gesture with tongue while sitting on motorcycle.
Electronic Several people are seen walking through the airport while waiting for their bags.
Vehicle A large gun, a jeep, a motorcycle, and a warplane are in front of a war backdrop. 
Appliance A child on a counter by a plate of fires.
Indoor A man playing Wii in a dirty room. 
Electronic A woman is sitting at her jewelry display and talking on the phone.
Furniture A man holding a tv remote and wii controller.
Person A woman smiling and holding an umbrella high
Outdoor A yellow and blue train is next to an overhang.
Kitchen A dog is wearing a helmet and sitting by a motor bike.
Accessory An older woman standing next to an older man.
Person two people standing next to a table playing nintendo wii
Indoor Modern bathroom with two sinks a toilet and a shower 
Indoor Four different sized vases decorated with various sized butterflys.
Electronic Computer setup with a multiple colored screen on it. 
Animal A man being kiss by a baby elephant with it's trunk.
Accessory A banana in a little chair near a window.
Accessory A person on dirt bike riding down a hill with mountains in background.
Person A man in a wet suit riding a wave on a surf board.
Animal A baby giraffe drinking milk from it's mother in a field.
Kitchen Some people are seen eating several large pizzas.
Appliance A cat idly looks by on top of a sink
Person A woman sitting on top of a wooden bench near a park.
Kitchen A woman holding a cigarette smiling at the camera on a sunny day.
Sports A group of people skiing and snowboarding on the snow.
Furniture A man with a beard in a tie sits with his arms crossed.
Kitchen A man typing on a laptop keyboard in a cluttered work environment.
Animal A group of men traveling on horses in the water,
Furniture Some people chilling on the couch playing with a Nintendo Wii
Vehicle A biilboard with a railcar in front of it. 
Person a person holding a knife and fork over a pizza
Person A woman sits on a motorcycle with a sidecar.
Electronic A cat stands with its paws against a desk. 
Vehicle A man standing on a skateboard near a ramp. 
Furniture Graham black cat sitting on an orange couch looking out the window. 
Person A bunch of children skiing down a slope
Sports A group of people windsurfing at the beach.
Electronic Two girls are playing the Wii game system together.
Outdoor Street signs on a pole on a busy intersection. 
Sports A woman swings her tennis racket while reaching upward.
Accessory A picture of someones living room white a person is watching TV.
Person Two children sit atop their parent's luggage in the parking lot.
Kitchen The small black bowls have peppers and carrots in them.
Vehicle A old stove in a dumpster in a parking lot. 
Vehicle A city bus 18 parked in a red zone.
Vehicle A view of a hotdog stand near radio city.
Person many motorcycles parked near each other on a city street
Accessory A man is cross country skiing in the snow.
Indoor A cat is on a desk looking at the computer screens.
Furniture Bathroom with sink, shower, towels, curtain, and more with window
Person A woman in a bikini riding a wave on a surfboard.
Animal A happy  bear putting his paws in some water.
Accessory A girl doll sitting in a suit case with a bag.
Appliance A counter top in a laundry room with a tile back splash
Kitchen a big orange bowl full of assorted veggies with hands above it 
Person A sign with an arrow point upwards is seen on a street. 
Kitchen many tables next to each other in a row
Sports This girl is flying a kite near a tree and and small boy.
Indoor a close up of a child on a couch
Indoor A vase filled with red and orange flowers.
Accessory Several suit cases lined in rows with luggage tags on them.
Furniture A narrow bathroom with little room for movement. 
Animal A living area with two chairs and a coffee table.
Vehicle Many trucks and city buses drive down the crowded street.
Person A group of people pose for a picture at the table
Sports A park with kites flying in the bright blue sky.
Accessory A woman in a wedding dress with another lady holding a piece of cake.
Food A man slices and serves a birthday cake.
Sports A team of skiers rides intently across the snow.
Animal Cat attempting to get a drink out of a faucet.
Person A woman sitting on stairs has a suitcase full of books. 
Person Young men having a meal at a table.
Animal a number of animals in a field covered in snow
Accessory Three people standing around drinking wine together 
Kitchen three course dinner is served on a table
Sports A boy prepares to swing a baseball bat.
Person A man playing tennis on a court in a neighborhood.
Food A woman that is sitting outside on a bench in the snow.
Furniture A man is taking a picture of some sandwiches.
Indoor a group of people all sitting on the couch and doing things
Person a man that is standing next to a traffic light
Furniture Beach goers set up umbrellas next to rental signs while a cop watches.
Person several business men in suits sitting at a table during a meeting
Person A woman standing on a lush green park holding a green frisbee.
Person A couple of guys are playing ball on a side walk.
Accessory A group of men standing inside of a bus.
Indoor A girl in plain dress standing next to a white teddy bear.
Person A man who is holding a young girl while lighting a candle on a cake. 
Animal A small sheep is standing under a wooden fence post.
Kitchen A skier sitting on a picnic table and eating a doughnut. 
Food A white plate topped with food next to a cup of coffee.
Food A display rack of assorted kinds of donuts.
Food A tray topped with a chicken sandwich next to a cup of fries.
Food A close up photo of a pizza with a lettuce and prosciutto topping. 
Person A man and woman getting married in a church.
Person A woman stands on skis on a snowy hill.
Person Two women standing in a train station looking at their phones. 
Vehicle A red traffic light at an empty intersection
Accessory a boy reaching for a baseball bat in a dugout.
Accessory an image of a conveyer belt with donuts
Furniture A large pizza is shown on a table, with bottles and glasses of wine.
Food A glass of juice with a spoon and a slice of orange
Furniture A room with brown sofa and chair, tables, a fireplace, and white windows.
Kitchen a cell phone screwdriver a pair of scissors and a black thing on a desk
Person Two men ride surfboards through the crashing waves.
Person A man walking his dog down a sidewalk.
Accessory People standing next to sheep and feeding them.
Person A hand that is holding a stuffed animal and a pencil.
Person A man that has a skateboard in the air.
Person It is winter, and this young woman wearing her cold weaterh coat also has her Smartphone in a handknitted sleeve.
Furniture Neatly made bed with flowered comforter in small tidy room.
Outdoor a old rusty stop sign out sign some buildings.
Electronic a double decker bus with a giant iPod advertisement plastered over the entire bus
Person A man with a tennis racket walks from the net of a tennis court. 
Sports A professional baseball game seen from the stands
Person A child holding a pink toy cell phone with "Princess Aurora" inside it.
Furniture A plate of food and a drink on a table.
Accessory Some kids standing up playing wii with each other
Accessory A man sitting at a table that has plates with donuts on it.
Accessory A man and woman at a party dressed in costumes.
Person A person on skis is skiing down a snowy hill. 
Vehicle The cars are travelling behind the guy on the bicycle
Kitchen A view down into a living room and kitchen.
Accessory a person riding skis on a snowy slope
Indoor A bathroom with the reflection of a tv in a mirror
Person Video games are fun for people of all ages!
Electronic A IMAGE THAT SAYS MAKE MEANING MATTER 
Vehicle A bike in view in a living room with a Christmas Tree in the background.
Food A large display of fruit: applies, grapes, oranges, lemons, limes and grapefruit
Person A man jumping up in the air swinging a tennis racket at a ball.
Sports Two women play tennis on a blue court.
Furniture a living room with a tray holding a laptop next to a couch 
Sports A man is falling off a wave in the ocean.
Person A man and a women posing next to one another in front of a table.
Furniture two women playing the wii game together .
Accessory A photo of a young male in a suit jacket and tie.
Outdoor Catering truck parked tightly between cars on a city street.
Person A man is doing a trick on a sidewalk curb.
Person Man cross country skiing on slight down hill slope.
Animal a brown bear shaking the water off his body
Sports Baseball game close up of batter, catcher and baseball fans.
Person a garbage truck on the street next to a building
Indoor A teddy bear that has been buried in the sand.
Indoor A light that is sitting underneath a umbrella.
Sports A dog or bear in a controlled area doing something with balls.
Electronic A desk sitting on saw horses with a monitor, keyboard and mouse.
Indoor A vase is filled with a bouquet of tulips. 
Furniture A car in front of a furniture shop with a cow.
Food A woman that is handing fruit to someone else.
Accessory A herd of elephants walking down a river with people riding on their backs.
Person A runner poses beneath a "Run for Rights" sign in a green city park. 
Vehicle A person walking near a stop sign in a residential neighborhood.
Furniture A man and girl playing with an interactive video game system.
Person A man in a helmet is riding a horse across a dirt road
Kitchen Two halves of an onion and a carrot positioned to represent either a goofy face or male genetalia.
Outdoor A large black dog leaping to get a frisbee. 
Electronic A computer monitor sitting above a computer keyboard.
Person A white tent with a row of surfboards sitting under it.
Person People watch from a large boat as a smaller boat is lowered into the ocean.
Person Two skate boarders are performing on a city sidewalk.
Electronic A teddy bear sitting in front of an open laptop computer.
Vehicle A bunch of cattle relax in a pasture located in the mountains
Food Three hot dogs with different toppings lined up on a tabletop.
Vehicle these man are standing near a fire hydrant
Animal A refrigerator with a variety of magnets and pictures on it.
Person A men in business attire eating a piece of folded over pizza. 
Vehicle two teenagers playing in a grassy field while a fribee flies their way
Accessory A person is tying a tie around a girls .neck.
Kitchen Pictures of several different types of quiche prepared differently.
Sports A white tent with a row of surfboards sitting under it.
Person Two women walk outside, both holding up umbrellas
Outdoor A man is sitting in a bench overlooking a lake.
Kitchen The two people stand next to each other playing the video game.
Animal Several dogs sleeping together on a bed next to eachother.
Furniture A cat sitting on the edge of the toilet looking toward the open bathroom door.
Sports Two people laying on surf boards in the ocean.
Vehicle A man wearing a t-shirt stands in the door way of a white bus.
Person A person standing by a stove in a kitchen.
Indoor A large clock tower is yellow and white.
Person A woman taking pictures on a busy street.
Outdoor A view of street with a bus parked on the side.
Vehicle Two men doing a stunt show on four wheeler ATV vehicles.
Accessory People are having fun on a crowded beach.
Person A group of people on a court playing tennis.
Food A plate of food is sitting on a red clothe.
Furniture Three people live in one room who share a bathroom.
Vehicle The two women sit on a bench together.
Sports A male skateboarder that an ollie off the curb of a snowy street.
Person A skateboarder flies through the air in a skate park.
Furniture A desk with two laptops and a monitor.
Electronic A cat sitting by a laptop but staring at a person. 
Appliance There is a kitchen being built and appliances being put in
Sports A downhill skier smiles from the top of a mountain. 
Animal An old decorated elephant and its colorful rider
Vehicle A rusted train engine in a sunny day.
Furniture A bedroom with a bookshelf full of books.
Electronic A man with glasses looking at his cell phone.
Furniture a girl playing tennis with a bad knee
Kitchen a suit case sits on a top next to some drink 
Electronic A dog is sitting on a couch by a remote.
Appliance a small cat sits inside of a bathroom sink 
Food there is a man that is sitting at a table with lots of food
Person The person is sitting on the unusual toilet in the bathroom.
Person A tennis plare takes a swing very close to the net.
Person A man sitting near a table with a bunch of food on it
Person The woman serves the tennis ball as a child watches.
Furniture A little boy is staring attentively while playing a video game.
Food Fresh carrots from a garden lie on a counter next to a teaspoon.
Vehicle A tiny red bird perched on a car's mirror
Electronic A man on a cell phone in a public area holding his thumb up.
Electronic A smart phone sitting on top sitting on top of a wooden table.
Person A girl in a white jacket is snowboarding down a slope.
Indoor An orange and white cat laying on top of a sink.
Person A woman laying in bed reading a book while wearing purple socks.
Person A young man playing with video game controllers.
Outdoor A cop is riding a motorcycle at an intersection in a city at night.
Person A man holding a surfboard standing by the water 
Electronic a couch and a television are in a room
Person a woman with her luggage at a train station
Electronic A living room has guitars, shelves, and a painting.
Person A man on skis sliding down a snowy mountain.
Vehicle A panoramic shot of several people standing near a plane.
Furniture a little girl grabbing for a pink umbrella 
Furniture A little girl sitting on a bed looking at a laptop 
Person A white plate with lots topped with garlic bread.
Accessory A woman prepares to swing her tennis racket
Kitchen A plate filled with a bowl of vegetables and two slices of bread with a spread on them.
Person A picture of a person riding a horse.
Person Two military personnel cutting and serving cake. 
Appliance A kitchen in the process of being remodeled with wiring hanging from the ceiling
Kitchen A bowl filled with broccoli soup next to a spoon and fork.
Person The red suitcases are setting in a corner, waiting to be bought for a trip.
Person A surfer is riding on a surfboard against a wave
Kitchen The store makes fresh doughnuts on site for the customers.
Furniture A red bucket is on a stool in the bathroom.
Furniture A man sits at a table outside wearing an umbrella hat.
Furniture A woman and a man playing a video game in the living room
Outdoor An old fashioned train riding on train tracks in a wooded area.
Vehicle A group of people riding motorcycles and bikes down a city street.
Animal an image of a herd of sheep grazing in the pasture
Food People are crouched around in an open market.
Person Young boy posing in front of a flying kite in the park
Animal an elephan standing around next to some people 
Person A pair of scissors near a camera and some other devices.
Food A white plate sitting on a table filled with food. 
Furniture I young boy eating a large piece of pizza.
Furniture A man wearing a collar shirt with a blue tie
Outdoor a top sign sitting in a parking lot full of cars
Indoor A red laptop with earbuds sitting on a table
Accessory a cow walking on a city street near people 
Vehicle A motorcycle sitting in front of a Speed Limit sign with a curvy road drawing.
Outdoor A black and white teddy bear sitting on a park bench.
Animal a cat walking down the center of the kitchen
Outdoor An urban intersection with stoplights on a cloudy day.
Kitchen A hot dog with mustard and an unopened bottle of Bubble Up
Vehicle A green and white bus on street next to dirt area.
Animal The young girl wearing red and black rides atop the white pony.
Animal A baby elephant stands near to four larger adult elephants.
Sports A man is flying a kite at the beach.
Food A bowl has a soup with potatoes and vegetables. 
Person A bus is going down the street and it has an advertisement on the side of it.
Furniture A cat sitting on a toilet in a bathroom 
Kitchen A woman in black jacket watching a cat eating from pizza box.
Outdoor Two trains are parked on the train tracks
Indoor A large wooden block with roman numeral numbers.
Vehicle a man flying a small plane in the  clear weather 
Person A guy wearing glasses, a red shirt and a tie.
Indoor A man cuting a piece of cake while a person in costume stands behind him.
Sports A man in skis passing an orange flag on a snowy race course.
Accessory A bike has had the wheels stolen from it sits in a pedestrian zone. 
Outdoor the woman is playing frisbee a the family picnic in the park.
Furniture The young boy is playing in the living room of his house. 
Sports Man in white outfit swinging a racket at a tennis ball.
Sports A man in a field of wild flowers holding an orange bat
Vehicle A woman in a sari rides on the back of a motorcycle.
Sports A boy sitting next to a girl holding a big white surfboard.
Vehicle A picture of a road sign labeled bodacious drive.
Furniture A man sitting at a table with a plate filled with food.
Furniture A living room with a mat on a floor and a book shelf filled with books.
Animal A horse drawn carriage parked on top of a field.
Outdoor A boy at a playground, sitting on a bench and reading a book.
Furniture a woman sitting on the bed of a dark room with the laptop screen lighting on her face
Furniture PEOPLE STANDING NEAR A GUARD IN FRONT OF A RENTAL STORE.
Person a couple of people are kicking a ball in a field
Furniture A dog standing on the back of a brown car.
Kitchen In the Asian market, one can find residents, tourists, and domestic animals. 
Vehicle A man and a dog riding in the cab of a pickup truck.
Indoor A tall stack of vintage suitcases rests precariously against a wall by a bedroom door. 
Food A display case shows off a sandwich with a sign
Food A kitchen and dining area in a house with an open floor plan that looks out over the landscape from a large set of windows.
Indoor a close up of a persons legs sitting on the ground
Person Several children watch while a girl in a pink sweatshirt plays with a Wii remote while another person with a little girl on their lap snuggle in a chair in the background.
Person a baby laying on a floor near a cell phone
Kitchen a building that has some stairs out front
Electronic A woman playing a video game with the Nintendo Wii.
Outdoor An Orange bus is parked next to the people. 
Outdoor A black and white photo of two meters on a curb.
Person A woman prepares a pizza while a man watches.
Vehicle A woman and another woman waiting at a stop.
Kitchen A pizza is split down the middle is shown.
Vehicle Two men at the beach one of which is holding a surfboard and a para sail.
Person Two men at the beach one of which is holding a surfboard and a para sail.
Vehicle this is a stop sign in a rocky field
Person A boat that is sitting in the water with a sail.
Person An elephant standing next to a stone in a cage.
Food A plate of flambeed bananas are sitting atop brown sugar and other garnish.
Furniture A woman taking a bite of a doughnut in a restaurant.
Person This is a painting of a cross country skier traveling up a slope at sunrise.
Person A man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
Kitchen a big teddy bear sitting next to some boxes
Kitchen A man without a shirt in a park holding a beer and a frisbee. 
Furniture A phone and remote that are sitting on a bed.
Person Two men standing in a living room playing games.
Indoor A view of a bathroom that appears to be very elegant. 
Person A soccer playing getting ready to kick a ball during a game.
Sports A person is taken in this very picture.
Accessory The baseball team getting ready to walk off the field.
Vehicle A toddler and cat are in a living room with open curtains.
Person On the road  a bus and a car are going.
Person A bunch of people standing together with some umbrellas.
Sports A man on a snowboard doing a jump 
Vehicle Two white trains on tracks next to a station.
Food A bunch of bananas very close up on a table.
Sports Three images show the man swinging a racket at the tennis ball. 
Electronic An elderly man and woman playing on a nintendo wii.
Person The young man is outside playing a game of Frisbee. 
Accessory A group of men standing on the side of a street.
Person A smiling man in green next to a large elephant.
Animal A dust cloud has formed in front of an elephant.
Food A serving slice of cake on a table.  
Person A skier stands on a small ledge in the snow.
Indoor A large clock tower in the middle of a street.
Person An elephant statue standing on top of a lush green park.
Animal zebras race along in a grassy field in front of some trees
Person A close-up picture of a man wearing a tie.
Furniture Two women are laughing in the kitchen while they cook.
Furniture A bathroom sink beside a toilet and blue trashcan.
Person An enormous black teddy bear in front of a teddy bear shop.
Indoor A large clock on a pole near a building.
Electronic A serious man is holding video game controllers.
Sports A frisbee being thrown to a girl in a park 
Food The sausages are served with parsley on the side.
Electronic a office with three computers spread out everywhere
Person A yellow pedestrian sign at the side of a lit up city street.
Furniture A black and white tiled floor in a bathroom
Accessory A man is performing tricks on a skateboard ramp.
Person A man swinging a tennis racquet at a ball on a court.
Vehicle two people waking past a black and yellow train car
Outdoor A woman standing on the side walk with her child.
Sports two men in the middle of the woods playing frisbee golf.
Appliance A kitchen with black appliances and open cupboards sits empty. 
Kitchen A desk that has a laptop computer on it.
Person A group of people crossing a street next to a bend traffic light.
Indoor A woman looking at a broken ceiling light in a kitchen 
Person Tennis player and white outfit swinging his racket on the court. 
Animal A group of people walking through a field under the sun.
Sports A man at the net makes a forehand volley in a tennis match.
Vehicle A group of people handing out with lawn chairs under two colorful umbrellas.
Vehicle A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
Accessory A rolling suitcase with smaller case attached to the handle of it.
Accessory a lady wearing a straw hat in a boat with oars
Furniture Several suitcases on wheels leaning up against one long table with chairs.
Indoor a beautiful, modern bathroom with a TV, chandelier and glass sinks.
Person An elephant using his truck to cuddle with a man.
Outdoor a stop sign and two brown and white street signs 
Accessory The woman is walking carefully through the leaves.
Person This is a bike locked to a parking meter.
Vehicle a person riding a motorcycle on a a foggy road 
Food A traditional banana split with whipped cream and spoons.
Accessory A woman in a white dress and a man in gray stand near a cake on a white table under a white canopy.
Person A group of people standing around a plane and a vehicle.
Indoor A clock that is hanging underneath a glass arch.
Person A man is performing tricks on a skateboard ramp.
Person Motorcycles and mopeds line a side street during the day in a city.
Food A man is sitting on a chair with some pizza.
Animal A group of zebra's playing and grazing in a field.
Appliance A toaster and blender are sitting on a tile kitchen counter.
Vehicle Children are sitting on the side of the boat in the water.
Furniture The plate has bread, meat, eggs and tomatoes.
Kitchen Eating a donut makes for a quick and easy breakfast.
Person A man flying a kite at the beach near the ocean
Furniture A camera with a computer is set up on a tripod
Appliance A cat standing on the edge of a sink drink water.
Person A group of baseball players holding a black bat.
Person A person on a skateboard does a flip in a parking lot.
Indoor A baby on the floor near a cell phone.
Person Three people are sitting and waiting on a planter.
Outdoor A black cat sitting under a park bench.
Accessory People are waiting for the bus with umbrellas. 
Person Two girls play Wii in a room with ourange rugs and white sofas.
Person Two men and a woman riding on the back of an elephant.
Furniture a man that is on a tennis court with a racket
Food A person sits at a table in front of a sandwich on dark bread, a salad and cucumbers.
Accessory Many bicyclists are gathering at the taco truck
Food A black cat licks a doughnut in front of a yellow toy.
Electronic A lady hold a game controller, pointed towards a laptop.
Sports Young man flying a kite over a grassy area by water.
Furniture A view of a narrow kitchen with the only light coming from a glass door.
Accessory A skateboarder is on top of a cement bowl.
Furniture Ornate wedding cake ready at the hotel reception
Kitchen Chefs working in a kitchen at a restaurant 
Kitchen Two people playing a video game in a living room.
Electronic A man is seen walking out of a building.
Vehicle A small boat is beached on the shore.
Food a big orange bowl full of assorted veggies with hands above it 
Animal Man sleeping next to a cat on a bed. 
Kitchen A kitchen that has a large fridge and other appliances.
Vehicle A woman riding a green motorcycle with a side car.
Animal an image of a clock displayed on a statue of birds
Appliance A striped cat is laying on the sink and looking at the camera. 
Person Baby boy with Frisbee on beach near surf watching the waves. 
Outdoor A woman sitting on a bench and a woman standing behind the bench at a bus stop
Electronic A Nintendo Wii controller in a person's hand.
Person A somber woman in a pink T-shirt raises a torch.
Person some people standing around a bright lit up party bus 
Outdoor a sheep in a field with a dog and people watching 
Vehicle A train one track away from a platform at a stop.
Vehicle a living room with a couch and a chair 
Person A woman that has purple socks and a book.
Animal a herd of sheep standing on top of a hill
Animal A dairy cow is being milked by machine..
Electronic A woman holding a small item in a field.
Outdoor A yellow food truck parked close to a car
Food The pot on the stove has chopped vegetables in it.
Furniture An overhead shots of a toilet in a public restroom. 
Person A person carrying a surfboard on the beach at sunset.
Furniture A bathroom with a sink, toilet, tub and shower head.
Vehicle A group of men standing near a fire hydrant.
Person A lot of people that are looking at a pool.
Furniture A group of people are seated around a dining table.
Outdoor A fire hydrant that is sitting in the leaves.
Kitchen A man pours a drink of wine for two companions.
Appliance a man putting a puppy inside of an oven.
Vehicle A man and woman are holding up a pizza.
Furniture A woman wearing headphones looking at some electronics.
Furniture A beach area that has people on the sand and one person flying a kite overhead.
Sports A man who is performing tricks on a skateboard.
Furniture A man is staring at something in his hand.
Animal A group of elephants are standing in the trees.
Accessory a bedroom with a man at a computer in the reflection.
Outdoor A road sign on top of a stop sign at an intersection
Person A man holding a baseball bat over home plate.
Kitchen a kitchen with a sink and cabinets inside of it 
Person A table topped with three wine glasses and a laptop.
Furniture A shelf with a white and blue vase, artwork and black cloth.
Person A Chicago logo boat is traveling in the water. 
Food A collaboration of pictures of various food items
Person Bananas are piled on a white circular plate.
Animal A man in helmet riding an elephant next to trees.
Vehicle A man in a construction outfit leaned over a utility truck.
Vehicle A large red stop sign on a street.
Sports A man in a black hat, white shirt and black pants jumping a skateboard off a bench. 
Furniture A group of people sitting under umbrellas drinking beer.
Person A person is holding a spatula near slices of bread on a stove.
Electronic A group of people using their telephones on a subway car.
Electronic three men sitting at  a table with some wine glasses
Sports This is a tennis court with multiple games happening at once.
Food a man holding a piece of pizza in front of a kid 
Person A table topped with lots of different colored flowers.
Kitchen A plate of noodles with sauce and a fork.
Indoor Three stuffed bears hugging and sitting on a blue pillow
Sports A woman in a wet suit standing on a dolphins head
Person A man walking across a beach holding a white surfboard.
Person a man leaning over the back of a truck in front of buildings
Vehicle A passenger plane sits on a runway with mountains behind it.
Person An older flat bed truck with equipment in it parked in a farm field with three men.
Indoor A vase with purple iris's sitting next to a ceramic pitcher.
Animal A man holding a horse, so a little boy can take a ride. 
Person Man on surfboard riding large breaking wave at ocean.
Appliance A view of a bathroom that appears to be very elegant. 
Indoor Kids walking while holding their stuffed animals. 
Person A woman on a tennis court, holding up a tennis racket with both hands.
Furniture A cat laying on a bed next to a laptop.
Electronic A monitor is displaying a blue screen on the desktop as it sits next to two speakers, a keyboard and a mouse.
Vehicle A jetliner flying through a light blue sky.
Sports A woman stands on skis on a snowy hill.
Electronic A couple of large beds in a small room.
Outdoor A fire hydrant that has a large amount of weeds around it.
Furniture A black and white photo of an old fashion baseball game.
Vehicle A wow of motorcycles pared along a street some with covers.
Vehicle a motorcycle parked on the road in a desert
Furniture A kitchen with fish tanks and many many cabinets is shown.
Person Some people are working in the kitchen and cooking. 
Person A woman stands next to her luggage on a platform.
Furniture A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
Person The front edge of a well used skateboard.
Vehicle A young baseball player stands at the plate, in motion to hit an oncoming ball. 
Kitchen A room with a Tv, potted plant, tables and chairs
Outdoor A map of the town in the middle of the street with buildings in the background. 
Food A little child offering a bite of a banana.
Food A banana in a little chair near a window.
Vehicle A boy swinging a baseball bat at a ball.
Sports Young girl on surfboard riding wave with young boys nearby looking on.
Person some baseball players are playing baseball on a field
Vehicle The older man is sitting in the bed of a truck. 
Animal A woman pets the cat that is standing on the rocks.
Sports A group of mn on a field playing a game of baseball
Sports An open field with a truck and some kites being flown
Food pizza on a serving tray with empty plates next to it
Animal a toddler playing with a hairbrush in a living room 
Vehicle A biplane flying upside down leaving a large vapor trail.
Outdoor A person shows off his tennis racket in a suit
Sports Men and women playing tennis vehemently on tennis court
Vehicle A group of people look at the dark green motorcycle parked on the grass.
Accessory Some people who are placing luggage on a runway.
Accessory Several people standing at a train station while a train arrives.
Electronic The security officer on a segway is using his cell phone.
Indoor toys on a beach made to look like he military 
Person a woman dressed in English riding clothes rides a horse 
Furniture A man sitting at a picnic table using a computer shaded by an umbrella.
Animal A photo of a cat laying down on a blanket.
Furniture A young girl lying in a convertible toddler crib.
Furniture A living room with a couch, chair and a coffee table.
Accessory People cross the street at the corner of luxury buildings.
Outdoor A commuter train that is in the train yard and is parked. 
Accessory A tray filled with croissants with hotdogs in the middle
Vehicle A line of people are riding bicycles on the street.
Accessory a group of people that are next to some bags
Kitchen A white dish that has an ice cream and cookie style dessert on it, along with powdered sugar sprinkled over it.
Indoor A royal mail train sits in a train yard. 
Vehicle Men climbing on board a bus that needs to be repaired.
Kitchen Two men sitting underneath an umbrella on a sidewalk.
Animal A shepard and his dogs herding a flock of sheep.
Vehicle An airliner as seen from the ground, through some power lines.
Indoor A sink with toiletry items setting on the edge.
Furniture The table is covered with plates of food and bottles of beer. 
Indoor A view of a fire place with a light on it.
Kitchen A cat sniffs the keyboard of a computer.
Indoor A tabby cat and a black and white cat looking for trouble.
Person A man is holding a yellow frisbee outside
Person A girl with blue hair is taking a self portrait. 
Furniture many people sitting at different tables under a tent
Sports Someone kicking a soccer ball on the soccer field
Indoor A Roman numeral clock is display atop a large tower
Furniture A large living room with leather couches and wood flooring
Accessory People are walking around with their luggage at an airport.
Accessory A group of commuters on a busy subway car or a bus.
Outdoor a man walks behind an ice cream truck 
Person A person posing for a picture on a mountain.
Person A man feeding a giraffe through a metal fence
Furniture Plates loaded with thanksgiving dinner and dessert with two glasses. 
Person a man is riding a brown horse down a green field
Animal A photo of a woman sitting with two dogs.
Person A man rides his skateboard near a drain pipe system. 
Sports Baseball batter swinging at a pitch and the catcher trying to catch the ball.
Indoor A laptop on a couch across from a television.
Person Passengers wait at the platform as a passenger train approaches.
Appliance A bathroom sink, toilet and shower with the curtain half open.
Indoor A computer desk with electronics on it and other desk accessories 
Kitchen A man holding a Wii game controller while standing in a living room.
Furniture A bathroom containing a toilet, sink and bathtub with shower, with no accessories.
Accessory A doll in a open suitcase on the ground.
Animal a black sheep and others in a corral together
Animal A person riding a skate board with a dog following beside.
Indoor A large living room is seen in this image.
Food There is a chili dog in the bun.
Vehicle The jet fighter sits on a pedestal across the street from a building.
Sports A man is skiing on a bridge with snow. 
Sports A woman who just caught a frizzebe, and is falling.
Person A woman skiing down a snowy, tree-lined path.
Appliance View of a public men's' room with a  cot on the side.
Sports A man in white shorts jumping in the air to catch a green Frisbee. 
Person this is a little girl standing in an airport
Outdoor A large long train on a steel track.
Outdoor View of a street corner with people waiting at the corner.
Person A man cooking food on a red art on the street.
Kitchen A KITCHEN WITH A SINK AND APPLIANCES 
Kitchen A bowl full of broth and pieces of broccoli with a spoon and fork.
Furniture A man sitting on a couch has two cats on his lap.
Furniture A man in formal business attire stands in an office and looks angry.
Indoor A fat orange cat on a couch beside a TV remote
Person A BOY TAKING A PICTURE WITH HIS PHONE
Person The man is sitting on the park bench using his laptop. 
Accessory A man at a podium speaking at an event.
Furniture A person holding a book with a bird sitting on the book.
Furniture well cooked food in a big bowl on a table
Food A bite missing from a slice of cake that is on a plate.
Person A person skiing next to blue check points.
Kitchen A young boy wearing a striped shirt eating some food. 
Furniture  A boy smiling and eating some food on a plate.
Person a bunch of people sitting on a beach 
Indoor An empty kitchen is photographed as if for a real estate listing.
Accessory A kid standing with a small suitcase on a street.
Electronic a couple of women are playing video games
Person A man is about to serve a tennis ball.
Food A couple of dishes are sitting on a stove.
Electronic A living area congaing a couch, table, piano and fireplace.
Kitchen A room that has an open refrigerator in it.
Indoor an image of a clean full bathroom 
Person a large family poses for picture on tennis court
Furniture Krispy Creme donuts are arranged in cardboard boxes.
Animal two zebras grazing while a hippo looks at them and some oxen in the background
Electronic There is a cream colored couch behind the oval coffee table.
Food an image of a woman that is next to a boy
Accessory A passenger train travels down the tracks at a stop.
Person a man skiing down the mountain slope on skis
Person A person bundled up while frying something on the stove indoors.
Kitchen A collaboration of pictures of various food items
Vehicle An airplane landing on a runway in an airport
Kitchen A simple lunch includes a coffee drink, fruit and a sandwich wrap.
Sports A couple of people standing on top of  a snow covered slope.
Electronic a black counter a sink and a table and two chairs
Vehicle a person riding a scooter with folded cardboard
Furniture A basketball couch walking with his team on a court.
Indoor The woman is reading something while laying down in bed. 
Electronic A small cell phone on a blue surface.
Indoor A good luck plant is in a round vase.
Sports A guy is splashing through the waves on his surfboard.
Outdoor A dog sticks its head out of the car and is reflected in the side mirror. 
Food A lady is posing for the camera while many others look on. 
Vehicle A man at a fruit stand with a woman beside him.
Appliance People sitting at tables inside a large clock tower.
Kitchen A bowl of cereal is sitting on a kitchen sink. 
Food A strange pizza made from rice and fish and vegetables.
Food Several children are around a table at a birthday party.
Vehicle Traffic moves on a busy urban street with a crane in the background. 
Person a flock of goats and some men watching them
Furniture A public bathroom that has a toilet in the floor.
Furniture A white toilet sits in a bathroom, with the lid open.
Indoor A man cutting a ribbon at a ceremony 
Kitchen A table topped with three trays filled with cakes and desserts.
Person A decorated neck tie saying "Reel Big Fish"
Person A girl wearing a hat sits with her laptop.
Vehicle an orange is on the white line on a street and some cars
Animal Two people riding on the back of horses near a tall building.
Vehicle Street cleaners are taking a rest from work.
Person A white bus turns a corner on a city street.
Accessory some snow skiers one in a blue jacket the other white
Kitchen A white kitchen with wood cabinets in the midst of repairs.
Kitchen assorted items sitting neatly on a bed 
Person A woman sitting on the ground next to luggage.
Indoor A tooth brush sits next to a toy.
Person a big man running to hit a tennis ball
Person Two children in the kitchen making hand made pizzas
Indoor A black laptop at a desk with a printer.
Vehicle A plane flies through the sky at an angle. 
Person A woman sitting at a table with a birthday cake in front of her.
Person A group holding frisbees pose for a picture.
Furniture Small group using laptops and headphones in a classroom.
Furniture A bedroom with a bed next to a  night stand with a lamp.
Person A person is removing the packaging from a cordless soldering iron.
Furniture a girl in full riding gear riding a brown horse
Vehicle A line of motorcycles backed in and parked in a line at the edge of a sidewalk.
Person A man standing by the ocean with something in his hand.
Person Young man wearing glasses holding up a toothbrush.
Outdoor A bear shaped birthday cake with candles on a table.
Food Some bananas and coconuts sitting on a wooden bench.
Kitchen A table that has several plates of breakfast food on it.
Furniture A small bathroom still has all of the necessary amenities.
Accessory A person holding a pole in each hand in the snow.
Electronic A man is looking at himself in the mirror.
Indoor A brightly colored flower vase sits in front of a wall map.
Vehicle A lunch box of some sorts is placed on the table. 
Person A white milk truck with a license plate that reads "pro milk."
Accessory A man gazes at an intricately designed clock with roman numerals.
Food a round outdoor courtyard table with a hotdog and a bag of chips on it.
Electronic A powered on laptop computer next to a speaker on a desk.
Vehicle a dog sits on a chair behind a glass 
Person A curve in a city road with a bus following a car and people walking on the side.
Kitchen A bowl that has some oranges in it.
Furniture A sidewalk with sandwich board, table and umbrella.
Sports A couple of people standing on top of a green yard.
Furniture a burnt tea spoon sits on a wooden surface 
Animal THERE IS A CAT THAT IS IN THE SINK
Kitchen A couple of strawberries placed next to the strawberry beverage. 
Electronic An old cellphone that doesn't flip or have a touch screen. 
Vehicle A painting of a man and woman riding together on a motorcycle.
Outdoor a big river flowing past some dry grass and reeds 
Furniture Two people at a restaurant, one of whom is looking at a cellphone.
Vehicle A large jetliner flying through a cloudy blue sky.
Vehicle An indoor museum exhibit features several old planes. 
Outdoor A brunette male tennis player stands ready to receive a serve. 
Person Someone demonstrating how a remote control toilet works.
Person A man and woman cutting a slice of cake by trees.
Electronic a room with a couch and a tv in it
Sports A blurred action photo of a girl throwing a disc
Accessory Headless statues show of clothing beneath a colored background.
Food A person eating from a plate on their lap while sitting in a camping chair.
Person A Public Parking Payment booth in a lot.
Indoor A woman standing next to another woman in a building.
Vehicle a public bus driving on a city street
Person A person tossing an orange frisbee on top of a green field.
Accessory military people getting off and on the train.
Furniture A city has colorful buildings and signs among cars.
Food A pizza that is sitting on a plate, on a table.
Electronic Two people sitting outside, one with a laptop.
Sports A surfboard sitting next to a shopping cart.
Person A women holding a drink in front of the refrigerator. 
Furniture Orange and white cat lying in front of bookcase.
Vehicle a street filled with older cars, buses and motorcycles 
Animal A pack of dogs are playing outside in the grass.
Kitchen There is a cup of pepsi, And a plate of food.
Person A man placing a pizza pie in the oven
Vehicle A bus is driving outside at dusk time.
Person A man on a blue raft attempting to catch a ride on a large wave.
Person A group of people on horses racing together.
Animal Two giraffes standing on a dirt expanse with trees in background.
Indoor A man is looking through the handle of some scissors.
Outdoor A person feeding a little boy a hot dog as he sits at an iron table.
Person A person sits on top of a motorcycle with others.
Vehicle Small train like structure riding down a train way.
Food There are many bananas sitting on the shelf.
Kitchen A woman holding a small cake with lit candles.
Vehicle Plane taking off the runway with it's landing gears still out.
Sports A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.
Accessory A boy with catchers gear on looking at some baseball bats.
Accessory A young woman sitting on a curb next to a fire hydrant writing on a notepad.
Animal An elephant walking alone in a grassy area.
Animal A brown colored cat is on top of a tall gray cabinet.
Person A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.
Vehicle A little boy riding his bike and wearing a helmet
Food A deli display case with sandwiches and strawberries.
Kitchen Three round plates filled with artistically presented food.
Animal A bird in a forest looking down towards the ground.
Indoor A wall with several different clocks on it, in both traditional and modern styles
Sports there is a snowboarder coming down a very steep hill
Accessory A woman with an umbrella standing on a deck. 
Vehicle A city bus that is stopped at a bus stop
Person Cars passing through a street intersection with office buildings in the background.
Food A close up of a table with food, bowls and cups.
Accessory A living room with a white couch and library shelves
Electronic a yellow green white and red double decker bus and a building
Sports A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.
Furniture A bathroom has a sink, toilet, and trash can in it.  
Animal A giraffe facing the camera as its photo is taken.
Person boy in a sports jersey holds skateboard in right hand
Outdoor A stop sign has graffiti on that changes the sign to say, don't stop believing.
Sports A guy throws a tennis ball in the air to hit it. 
Vehicle A dog sits on top of a truck.
Sports Woman in red shirt getting ready to hit tennis ball.
Animal A cat looking at another cat on the television.
Outdoor The back view of an airplane on a runway.
Furniture A hotel room with television and desk in the corner.
Food A man working the counter at a pastry shop.
Indoor Smiling, bespectacled female officer on a phone call
Furniture A man holding a ball while standing next to a gate.
Kitchen A large clock tower in the center of a city.
Person Two women are squatting down and petting brown and white long haired goats. 
Furniture A room with a mirrored closet, keyboard and a dog on a bed.
Furniture A man holding a white frisbee in his right hand.
Kitchen A man is using his laptop in a cafe
Furniture A vase with flowers inside and some strange growth at the base.
Person a number of people walking on a side walk
Furniture A group of four women stand together in front of pizzas.
Person The person is riding a horse in the pen.
Furniture A crowded table has a plate containing a burger with sauce and side of vegetables. 
Person A man with an umbrella hat stands next to another man.
Vehicle A car sits next to a bus with things in front of it.
Animal A group of men riding horses on a beach.
Electronic A lap top sits on a small desk with jars and candles around it
Person A man is miming punching a giraffe statue.
Person Three women cooking in a professional kitchen together.
Indoor a big clock a rod iron roof and a round window
Person Somebody wearing a giraffe costume greets people at a park.
Vehicle An old school bus is painted neon yellow and magenta.
Kitchen A person holding up a tasty looking treat.
Electronic A man sitting at a desk on a laptop computer.
Electronic A computer laptop is placed on a bed.
Animal A large bird that is standing on some rocks by a river.
Electronic A group of people sitting around a table with laptops and notebooks.
Furniture a pro tennis player playing a game 
Furniture Looking down at the spectators and players during a basketball game
Appliance This is someones sink in their bathroom in their home.
Appliance A  refrigerator standing in front of some cabinets.
Indoor A kitchen area with a large stainless steel sink.
Electronic A room with a couch, table set with dinnerware and a television. 
Indoor A couple of white bathroom sinks sitting next to a toilet.
Outdoor An orange is sitting by itself on the bench
Person a kid holding his arm up as he plays a video game in the living room 
Indoor A cat is sitting on a desk next to a computer.
Person Guy sitting down and using his cell during the party
Furniture A home kitchen with white cabinets and silver appliances
Sports A woman and a boy untangling a kite on a street.
Electronic A white bed in a small hotel room
Animal Three people stand with an elephant in front of a stream.
Furniture Parking meters are in front of an eating establishment. 
Person a man in a white shirt is riding an elephant and some buildings
Electronic A TV with a man singing on it and the room has pictures everywhere.
Kitchen A pile of books sitting on top of a computer desk.
Person a couple and their small baby girl are sitting on a bench
Outdoor A street sign in front of a church. 
Electronic A smart phone at different angles with windows.
Person A tour bus with advertisement on the side of it
Person A man balances his bicycle on one wheel
Person What has attracted this many birds to the plaza?
Sports A man without shirt on is throwing a frisbee.
Furniture Two women are cutting and serving a large cake.
Furniture A room with all white furniture in front of a flat screen T.V. 
Person THERE ARE ELEPHANTS BEHIND A FENCE AT A ZOO
Electronic A bed and chair sitting next to a window in a bedroom.
Furniture two teddy bears at a table with honey
Person A dog standing on a boat that a man is piloting through the water.
Outdoor The fireplug is positioned between 2 slanted posts, all three of which are dotted with graffiti.
Accessory An open street market selling fruits and goods.
Vehicle The very pretty sun shining through some big buildings.
Sports A man skillfully water skiing in wild water.
Furniture Gray cat lying on seat cushion on outdoor wooden chair.
Furniture A couple of traffic lights sitting on the side of a road.
Vehicle An airplane is flying through clear blue sky.
Food The meal is ready on the tray to be eaten.
Person A person jumps in the air and catches a Frisbee at the beach.
Food A fancy desert on a table with a number of drinking glasses.
Indoor An empty kitchen sink underneath a window, on the counter.
Vehicle There are people walking down the street that is crowd
Animal Two women sitting on a metal park bench
Person A man is right behind a cow on green grass.
Vehicle A vehicle displays a customized license plate and milk advertisements.
Indoor A large calico cat sitting on a wooden table next to a remote control.
Electronic Student working on the computer while another student shows her a mobile phone. 
Furniture A brightly decorated living room with a stylish feel.
Furniture A group of men are sitting around a table.
Kitchen a hot dog sitting on top of a mound of french fries 
Furniture Cooks are gathered preparing a meal in the kitchen.
Accessory People standing and sitting on snow with skis and mountain
Food A couple dozen of glazed donuts on a wire rack.
Vehicle Three people one in the water with two boats one with an umbrella.
Accessory Motorcycles lined-up in an empty, grassy field, all in front of a house.
Animal A lot of sheep all in on grassy area.
Furniture A bed with lots of pillows and blankets under a canopy.
Person A man brushing his teeth in a river while a woman looks on.
Food a couple of sandwiches are on a white plate
Animal A cat is staring while sitting in a sink.
Outdoor A surfer is riding a wave on a narrow waterway.
Sports Baseball player standing near home plate in stadium.
Vehicle A collage shows a car, a gas station sign, and motor scooters.
Furniture A man sitting in a chair across from a table topped with food.
Person A skier makes his way up a snowy hill, eschewing the lift. 
Electronic a cellphone sitting on a blue mesh blanket
Person A tennis player getting ready to his a tennis ball.
Sports A man holding a tennis racket getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
Electronic Living area with chairs and bookshelves with orange walls.
Person Two people riding horses on the beach with waves coming in across the rocks on the shoreline.
Accessory A gentleman walking in the rain along a river.
Outdoor A man seated on a bench with a plastic bottle
Animal A dog that is sniffing a baseball bat.
Vehicle large colorful clock with a brown top on a tall building near parked cars
Person A woman is getting her tie adjusted in the city.
Furniture Large office desk with computers near a window.
Person A vase sitting on top of a table with flowers in it.
Animal A small brown dog sitting with its paws on a table.
Person a man dressed as a woman stands on a red carpet
Vehicle Row boat at the beach's edge ready to go.
Animal A close up of a giraffes neck and face.
Person a group of young people playing baseball in a field
Furniture a small childi is laying in a bed
Kitchen A modern bedroom area features a large mirror reflecting an arch, a white bed with a brown pillow and two end tables and lamps.
Sports A guy standing on a snowboard in the snow.
Furniture a cabinet with some paint on top of it 
Furniture In the Asian market, one can find residents, tourists, and domestic animals. 
Vehicle People are crossing the street in both directions.
Electronic Three laptop computers and a desktop computer sit next to each other.
Kitchen An old refrigerator sitting in a room 
Person A few warmly dressed pedestrians walking across a public square.
Furniture A view of a table with a vase on the middle of it.
Person a young woman with a slice of pizza in her mouth
Animal Two men on horses drive cattle down the road.
Indoor A white clock tower next to a brown building at night.
Person A group of people in the back of a dump-truck. 
Appliance A cat sitting in a bathroom sink next to a mirror.
Person a teenager hanging paper tassels from a long string
Electronic Two men are in a building with brick walls.
Person A vehicle displays a customized license plate and milk advertisements.
Animal A man sprays an elephant with a water hose.
Animal A smiling man standing very close to a cute elephant.
Person A plate of cheese bread next to bread sticks and wine.
Person A man sitting in a chair in front of a computer.
Kitchen People riding bicycles with a teddy bear on a city street
Furniture a bench outdoors with an open umbrella 
Furniture an informal baseball game is held in an open field.
Person People dressed as zombies walking down the street.
Person A man in a suite wearing a pair of sunglasses.
Food Two white bowls with vegetables, meats and herbs and chopsticks nearby.
Appliance A man taking a picture of his reflection in a mirror.
Person A man changes a light bulb in a darkened bar.
Person A car is parked on dry grass with kites overhead.
Person A man holding a tennis racket getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
Accessory A turquoise suitcase and two pairs of shoes sit by the door.
Person three people and one is petting an elephant
Furniture The personal sized pizza is on a table in the restaurant full of people. 
Person Two rows of cars parked next to a boat.
Person The young is enjoying his cake so much its all over him. 
Furniture A woman sitting in a seat holding a cell phone.
Vehicle A young girl carries and open unbrella while walking down an alley.
Person A teenager shoots flames at a friend balancing on a skateboard.
Indoor a stainless steel stove and oven with a shelf beside it
Food a pot filled with a soup with a lot of carrots 
Indoor a person sitting at a desk with a monitor and keyboard
Appliance The decor in this house is out of date.
Vehicle A small plane is preparing to land on the strip
Indoor A kitchen has a vintage gas range and yellow walls.
Person THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A PHOTO OF A MAN AND A BIKE 
Furniture Two cell phones of differing quality are set side by side on a table.
Furniture a couple of people guys walking down a long hall way
Indoor A white clock tower at the top of a tiled building.
Furniture Doll wearing hat laid up next to open luggage 
Person A man eating a sandwich off of a white plate.
Sports A tennis player is standing close to the net.
Indoor a man sitting at a desk in front of a laptop computer
Appliance A fully-stocked kitchen with no one in it.
Kitchen Two women are watching some goats get tie down.
Furniture A white toilet with a black seat sitting in a small stall.
Food an image of a woman about to eat a slice of cake
Person A young gir holding a child with a boy standing next to them
Person A young boy with a gold shirt is on a purple skateboard.
Vehicle a person walking across the street with a traffic light above
Appliance A man blowing out a birthday cake with many candles.
Food A man baking and preparing donuts to sell at shop.
Indoor Several students sit at a conference table with their laptops.
Furniture A living room with colored windows, sofas and chairs. 
Food A woman talking on the phone in front of a person selling apples.
Sports A woman with a tennis racquet that is on a tennis court.
Indoor A pair of smiling young people play a Wii game.
Vehicle A parking lot with various trucks in it next to a building.
Outdoor A man sitting on a bench with a church behind him.
Animal A tricycle sits outside of a garage. 
Animal The face of a dairy cow in a pen.
Appliance A model kitchen from the 1950s showing appliances and cabinets.
Animal A person on a horse jumping over a obstacle.
Food Two fingers holding a  small piece of broccoli 
Person A broom is hanging on the wall of a house.
Sports A woman in a wheelchair holding a tennis racquet.
Accessory A woman standing next to a young man near a pile of fruit.
Food A man cooking food on a red art on the street.
Outdoor A couple of red cars parked in front of a house.
Accessory Ski slopes filled with many people on or holding their skis.
Person A group of boats sitting next to a dock near a boat house.
Electronic Two players compete in a video game as another person watches. 
Sports two teenagers playing in a grassy field while a fribee flies their way
Kitchen An office desk with computer equipment, calculator, and work papers holds an employee's working lunch of soup, rice, and vegetables.
Sports a kid rides a skate board up a wall 
Electronic some people sitting and one man looking at his cellphone
Vehicle A bicycle parked on top of a baby dolls head.
Appliance A home kitchen with white cabinets and silver appliances
Furniture A man waits in an airport terminal as planes take-off.
Sports A person standing on skiis on the snowy slope. 
Person In a library children look on as costumed characters give a presentation
Person Man wearing a white shirt and black tie playing a guitar. 
Electronic Two men are sitting in chairs, playing a video game.
Furniture A women who is taking a picture of her food.
Person a group of people sitting around a long table 
Accessory People looking at sheep in a series of indoor pens.
Accessory A man holding an umbrella next to a waterway.
Kitchen a bathroom with a bath tub near windows
Vehicle A row of assorted baked goods is behind glass at a store.
Electronic A group of people that are sitting in front of laptops.
Sports A MAN IS PACKING UP SKIES ON THE SNOW LAND
Person A hot dog vendor sits outside a famous building in the city.
Sports a kid plays with a baseball as some players practice 
Person A woman looks up to hit a ball in a tennis match.
Kitchen A room with a desktop computer and a picture of a mummy. 
Appliance Microwave and other appliance sitting outdoors on pavement against a fence.
Person A baseball player preparing to throw a pitch during a game.
Kitchen two women and two men smiling over a pizza 
Person some people are leaning over a railing on a boat 
Person A man is pointing at a pizza box with a some words on the inner side.
Vehicle A One Way sign is located on the traffic light.
Outdoor The large room has a wooden table with chairs and a couch.
Kitchen Three adults and a child stand together holding Frisbees.
Food There are pasteries with winnies inside of them on display for sale 
Furniture A living room with seating areas, tables, and windows.
Animal TWO PET DOGS ARE ON A LEASH 
Furniture There is a living room with a wide open view
Person A woman is attempting to ski on flat ground while others in the background are playing around.
Kitchen A white bathroom with an orange shower curtain.
Accessory a large crowd of people walking through town near a large clock display with a christmas tree in the background
Vehicle A young boy sits and reads a book on a bench at a quiet park.
Person A passenger train on the tracks going under a bridge.
Person A young girl rides a pony by a river on a sunny day
Furniture The living room is empty with the television on. 
Kitchen a burnt tea spoon sits on a wooden surface 
Electronic A cat sits on a computer desk next to a keyboard.
Vehicle there is a man sitting around many birds
Vehicle A street sign is shown across from a street with has cars and a traffic light. 
Accessory a cat laying on a luggage bag on the ground
Food Breakfast sits on the table, with eggs, hash brown and roll.
Accessory A discarded piece of blue luggage on an asphalt walk.
Vehicle A skateboarded is going up a jump with their skateboard.
Animal A small white dog looking into a camera.
Sports A man on his skis on a snowy slope. 
Person a bunch of people on motor scooters riding on a street 
Animal A small bird standing on a rocky ground.
Food a yellow and white plate with a piece of chocolate cake
Sports Tennis player and white outfit swinging his racket on the court. 
Animal Several cows grazing on grass near water with trees in the background.
Animal A tan horse with a blond mane inside of a coral.
Vehicle  A baby getting a hair cut in the salon sitting in the chair
Furniture A remote control sitting on a table with the telivision in the background. 
Accessory A smiling man and a very cute small girl sitting together.
Furniture A dim room with toilet bowls lined along the wall
Vehicle There are electric poles and street signs along the street. 
Furniture A hand holding a spraying hose to a toilet bowl in a small toilet stall.
Person A man wearing a suit and tie and red hat with a silver buckle.
Person Man blowing out white candles on top of a brown cake. 
Person Black and white photograph of young schoolboys. 
Animal Two giraffes looking at the other animals in the enclosure. 
Sports The elderly man  on skis is making his way down the edge of the snow-covered road. 
Furniture A beach is full of umbrellas and beach chairs.
Person A woman eating a piece of pizza standing next to a man.
Sports a family standing in the yard to take a picture
Indoor A picture of the inside of a house with the door open. 
Sports a man is holding a bat at a baseball game
Person Two men play the Nintendo Wii console while others watch
Accessory A small room with a computer and bookcase. 
Sports An individual is in the open view in the picture. 
Person Several men in costume gather together under their umbrellas.
Person A piece of cake with butter on it sits next to an orange slice. 
Sports Three people are kicking around an orange ball.
Vehicle A woman holding an umbrella and walking beside a bus.
Person A man riding a surfboard in the water.
Animal  two cats lying near two remotes on a purple sheets
Person A lone surfer carries his board next to the shore.
Vehicle Fire hydrant and pylons on a city street corner.
Person A man riding a skateboard on top of a ramp.
Furniture Commuters using their cell phones during a train ride
Vehicle The red suitcases are setting in a corner, waiting to be bought for a trip.
Vehicle A dog waits in the basket of the bicycle.
Sports A surfer reaches the peak of a wave.
Sports A man flying a colorful kite over a sandy beach.
Electronic a bed with a square object on it next to a window.
Vehicle A red and black train on the train tracks.
Kitchen A man walking with a drink and a bag while listening to earbud headphones.
Furniture The laptop was left open on the desk. 
Outdoor A living room filled with furniture and a book shelf filled with books.
Person A woman sitting in front of a giant pizza.
Indoor There is a desktop computer and a laptop sitting on an organize desk in an office .
Furniture A young girl playing a video game while others talk.
Electronic Woman standing in a field of grass trying to use her cell phone.
Person Two elephants with a rubber ball are kept in the area with a little chain.
Person a man leaning over waiting for a tennis ball to hit 
Food A woman teaches a class of aspiring chefs. 
Kitchen Different platters of food are set in the kitchen.
Furniture Living area with chairs and bookshelves with orange walls.
Outdoor A pay phone sitting on the side of a street.
Kitchen Two cups with painted animal pictures on them.
Kitchen The blue plate is full of fried sea food.
Electronic Many electronic devises and a tangle of wires are on and around the desk.
Sports a tennis player running to swing ata ball
Accessory a group of people sitting at a long dining table in a restaurant
Vehicle A AIRPLANE THAT HAS LANDED ON A RUNWAY YELLOW LINE 
Outdoor A school bus goes down the busy road.
Vehicle An 023 airplane flying solo above blue terrain.
Person A herd of elephants walking down a river with people riding on their backs.
Vehicle A very blurry picture of an intersection taken from a moving car
Indoor A glass vase of many flowers with water inside.
Sports A man riding a skateboard on top of a wooden bench.
Person A young boy pulling a brown bag of luggage.
Vehicle Bunch of people sitting in the back of a dump truck
Person Someone is holding a black plate with two slices of pizza. 
Vehicle A man looking at motorcycles in a field.
Indoor A kitchen with a teapot on the stove and books on a shelf.
Electronic empty room with the lights on and tv on
Person A person that is surfing in the water.
Furniture A tan toilet and sink combination in a small room.
Vehicle Traffic is traveling both ways on the busy streeet.
Person some abandoned chairs sitting by and umbrella by a fence 
Animal A calico cat with eyes closed is perched upon a Mercedes.
Vehicle A smiling woman stands outside of a brick building in the rain while holding an umbrella. 
Person A city street has diners eating on outside tables.
Accessory A man in a suit smiling at the camera
Outdoor A yellow train engine pulling train cars over road.
Food Several glazed doughnuts lined up on a bakery tray. 
Electronic a room with some office products in it
Person A man and woman are in a kitchen.
Furniture a table that has a bowl of food and a cup on it
Accessory A woman standing next to a table covered with plates of mostly eaten food.
Person a person riding on top of a horse
Sports Young men playing disc golf in treed area of park.
Person Baseball player preparing to put gloves on during a game. 
Kitchen a tub and toilet in a small bathroom
Vehicle A white truck with a red car sitting in it's back.
Outdoor A yellow fire hydrant on a sidewalk by a storefront.
Furniture The passenger train has elaborate spray paint on the side.
Animal A chubby black pony in a pasture looking ahead.
Animal A man and two dogs playing with an object.
Food there is a large air bubble on the crust of this pizza
Accessory A young man taking a selfie with an iPhone wearing a tie.
Person A view of motorcyclists riding their bikes through heavy city traffic.
Indoor A building top with a clock on it.
Kitchen A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
Food A person grabbing a slice of pizza from a pizza box.
Person A photo of a person being taken in this picture.
Animal A woman holding up a large bottle so a baby giraffe can drink from it.
Indoor A white teddy bear laying on top of a blue rug.
Person The woman is taking a photo of the white goose next to the river.
Furniture two dogs laying down on a brown couch
Accessory This veteran traveler is satisfied with the lift, riding in the back of a pickup truck.
Vehicle An open field with a truck and some kites being flown
Person A girl glides down a snowy hill on a snowboard.
Animal A woman bending over in a living room to pet her dog.
Sports A photo inside and ocean wave looking at a person on a surfboard.
Animal A herd of elephants is walking together down a dirt trail.
Vehicle A group of people riding motorcycles on a road and stopping and a stop sign.
Person A small girl is holding an umbrella over her head
Animal A herd of sheep grazing on a pile of hay.
Furniture a large beach filled with many people and umbrellas
Food A woman is on a phone in front of a fruit stand.
Animal A white horse pulling a wagon while stopped on the side of the road. 
Animal The black dog sits alertly on the vintage chair.
Person A tennis player hits the ball up from the racket.
Vehicle A man standing with his motorcycle outside of a repair shop.
Person a large kite on a field of green grass 
Furniture Two men are posing for a photo, one man is holding a slice of pizza on a plate, and they are surrounded by other people sitting at tables.
Person A man holding a white object in his hand.
Indoor A small bathroom has a sink and a storage rack over the toilet.
Animal A man who is hosing down an elephant.
Furniture Cafeteria lunch fare is a balanced meal plus dessert.
Person A close-up of a misshapen piece of pizza and a can of soda.
Indoor The large brick building covered in vines has a clock on it. 
Sports A surfer walks into the waves on the shore. 
Kitchen A man pokes his head in front of an oven open to baking cookies.
Person A hotdog with mustard and relish is being prepared in a food cart.
Furniture A car parked by a clock and some flowers.
Animal Polaroid-like shot of sheep grazing in a green field
Person A man with glasses on biting into a piece of cake.
Furniture A kitchen that has a large fridge and other appliances.
Sports Some people playing with a disc in a field.
Accessory a male tennis player on the tennis court returning a serve
Person Christmas lights strung from the clock tower next to a tall tree.
Person The computer monitor has a framed picture near it.
Person A group of baseball players standing on top of a field.
Animal A dog standing on a boat that a man is piloting through the water.
Kitchen A couple of people sitting at a table while using smart phones.
Furniture an image of a large number of suitcases in a pile
Appliance Kitchen with many old appliances and many pots and pans.
Animal a may leading a a boy on a pony with a rope
Animal A man standing next to an elephant smiling
Person A man puckers up as he holds a large orange in his hand.
Kitchen Various pottery vases filled with fresh, red tulips
Vehicle A man in white grinding on a skateboard.
Indoor A cross with teddy bears tied to it.
Food Plates of hamburger and pizza in takeaway baskets set on a table.
Sports A car is parked on dry grass with kites overhead.
Electronic A little girl sitting on a bed looking at a laptop 
Person A guy sliding to a base in baseball.
Person A woman sitting on chair holding an umbrella.
Indoor a bed room with a neatly made bed with night stands
Accessory A room that houses several pieces of campaign memorabilia.
Vehicle A man in black jacket next to a red motorcycle.
Vehicle Herd of sheep standing on roadway in rural area.
Person A little boy with a pink blanket and a remote control sitting on a couch.
Indoor A man and a child sitting in front of a cake at a bench.
Person A person on a motor scooter with a helmet on.
Furniture A rest room with three sinks and a well lighted mirror.
Indoor A man sitting near a table with a bunch of food on it
Person A child watching an event and taking a picture with his cell phone.
Sports Two skiers heading up the side of a mountain
Indoor White toilet in a restroom with three seashells on the tank.
Kitchen this is a living room with green couches and paintings
Person A skier leaps off a small jump going down the slopes
Kitchen four different pictures of a variety of foods
Animal A bird is hanging onto the ledge outside the window. 
Furniture A boy sitting on top of a couch under a pink blanket.
Kitchen three vases with flowers inside on a table
Animal A cat sitting on the man's lap while the man types on the laptop. 
Outdoor a police on a motorcycle on the side of the road
Animal A large white polar bear swimming in a pool of blue water.
Vehicle a bike leaning on a door of a building
Outdoor A rusty and old looking fire hydrant sits on the concrete in front of a mural.
Animal A group of elephant walking in a forest.
Animal Black cat with green eyes sitting in a bathroom sink. 
Animal a close up of four giraffes next to a man 
Kitchen a sign showing a place beside the road 
Outdoor A baseball player holding a bat next to a dugout.
Person Two girls under a large umbrella in the rain
Vehicle A bus about to stop to pick up passengers.
Animal A cat sitting in a bathroom sink next to a mirror.
Sports Several people can be seen at the crest of the mountain.
Animal A bird is perched on top of a large stick.
Electronic The young woman is standing in the rain under her umbrella 
Sports a snowboarder in a brown jacket is doing a trick
Sports A boy playing tennis on a blue and green tennis court. 
Person A little girl looking at a pizza pie
Accessory A young man is dressed in a school skirt outfit.
Outdoor Garbage truck parked in back alley of large office building.
Person Athletes during game on ball field on cloudy day.
Electronic A kitchen is shown with stainless steel appliances.
Animal A cat stands between two parked cars on a grassy sidewalk. 
Electronic A man sitting on top of a couch holding a smart phone.
Vehicle The bus is pulling off to the side of the road.
Accessory Group of people riding on seats on top of elephants.
Furniture A black and white photo of a dog sleeping on a plaid bedspread.
Animal Two girls pet a goat that is in a pen.
Indoor The exterior of a building with a clock.
Furniture A kitchen with hardwood floors and hardwood cabinets.
Electronic Adults working on projects and computers in office environment.
Person A woman sitting in a chair with a plate of food on her lap.
Outdoor a young man is doing tricks on his skateboard 
Kitchen A laptop and a desktop monitor are displayed on top of the desk.
Furniture A dog sits on the back of a truck.
Person A man wearing a tie poses for a photo
Food A person holding a donut with a napkin.
Animal An elephant standing by a plaque with a description of it.
Person A man at the net makes a forehand volley in a tennis match.
Vehicle THERE ARE CITY BUSES THAT ARE LINED ON THE STREET IN FRONT OF THE BUILDING 
Person A man poses for a formal portrait in an historic photo.
Person Hikers make it past a sign post in snowy conditions.
Accessory A man holding a black and white umbrella.
Person a black and silver motor cycle parked by a shed
Indoor A large clock tower in front of a building next to a fountain.
Person a man leaning over as he reaches for a white frisbee
Vehicle A stop sign in front of a large building.
Kitchen two men standing in the living room and playing a video game with wii motes
Accessory A woman walking next to a man riding a pink bike.
Animal Many cows are being housed in milking stations.
Indoor A pair of scissors and fabric on a wood table.
Animal A person on a surfboard in the water.
Person A table with plates of food and a bottle of alcohol.
Animal A orange and white cat sleeping on top of a blanket on a bed.
Furniture There are a variety of bottles and two towels over the toilet.
Furniture A cheese pizza sitting on top of white paper and a large plate. 
Person there is a burger that is topped with a donut
Kitchen A close up of a pizza pie sitting on a table.
Indoor A bunch of food and flowers sits on a table.
Person A group of basketball players walking on the court
Furniture A dog and cat lying  together on an orange couch. 
Electronic A man standing in front of a mirror in a room.
Food A woman is talking to a man and holding a plate with a piece of cake. 
Person Smiling, bespectacled female officer on a phone call
Furniture A man is shaking hands with another man.
Kitchen People in a grocery story that sells fruit and drinks.
Person a male skateboarder in a black shirt some dirt 
Accessory THERE IS A BUS PARKED ON THE SIDE OF THE STREET
Vehicle Orange train engine pulling a train in a freight yard.
Person people standing in line on a hill in snow gear
Person A man who is riding a silver motorcycle with the number 120 on it.
Person A man who is performing a trick on a skateboard.
Furniture Group of adults enjoying food and conversation together.
Appliance A sandwich appears to have a mouth like creation.
Furniture A living room has guitars, shelves, and a painting.
Kitchen A computer on a desk with two monitors 
Food A person holding a sandwich, about to eat it.
Vehicle A surfboard mounted on a bicycle on the side of the road.
Accessory A transit bus riding through a city street at night.
Person A baby is holding some poles in the middle of a grass field. 
Person A BIPLANE AND A SMALL BOAT OUT ON THE WATER
Electronic A laptop computer and a desktop computer on a white desk
Person a person riding a motorcycle on a a foggy road 
Vehicle A red bike is parked outside of a barred window.
Animal Group of sheep walking alongside a group of people on the road. 
Furniture A female tennis player swinging her racket and running
Kitchen A person making thin crust pizza in a kitchen
Furniture A collection of soap dishes, bowls, and small trinkets. 
Food A toddler celebrates his birthday with a cupcake.
Sports A bunch of men are running to catch the frisbee that is thrown.
Kitchen An older man is wearing a funny hat in his dining room.
Animal four brown and white giraffes eating greens together
Furniture A white toilet sitting next to a toilet paper roller.
Person A baseball player swings their bat at a ball.
Sports a kid on a skate board does a trick off a roof
Furniture A huge pile of luggage sits by the door.
Furniture A selection of breads, meat, spreads, and cheeses. 
Animal there is a woman jockey riding a hose over the hurdle
Person A young man bending next to a toilet.
Person two women sitting on a park bench, one looking over her shoulder
Outdoor a red bricked building with a green door and graffiti
Person The woman is on the tennis court to play a game. 
Indoor A cat perches on a desk in a bedroom.
Furniture a living room with a couch and a chair 
Outdoor A man throwing a ball in a black and white photo.
Sports People with ski and snowboard equipment shaking hands.
Animal An elephant playing with a sack handing from a concrete structure.
Sports Woman in red outfit holding a tennis racket in her hand. 
Outdoor A clock tower stands near a road, trees, and houses. 
Kitchen The counters in this kitchen are covered with stuff.
Vehicle Red and white bus parked next to a glass building. 
Outdoor Three women sitting on a park bench next to each other.
Vehicle An intersection with antique cars and a bus at it.
Person A clock tower with a statue on top of it
Kitchen A large slice of pizza on a plate 
Animal A herd of cattle is feeding at the river's edge.
Furniture a table with two laptops and chairs 
Electronic A cat sitting in front of a laptop computer.
Food Bald man making a face and pursing lips looking at orange.
Indoor A man in an Arabic type outfit on a cell phone.
Sports A woman on a tennis court is swinging a racquet.
Food A sandwich on a plate served with garnish.
Sports A person flying a kite high above buildings
Person A bench at the beach next to the sea
Indoor A picture of a room with a big mirror.
Outdoor A lady eating a hot dog with one bite taken from it.
Vehicle A passenger airplane is taking off into a cloudy sky.
Vehicle A skateboarder tips his board up against the base of a sculpture.
Furniture A young woman standing in the kitchen pours from a large measuring cup.
Animal A couple of zebras are grazing next to some trees.
Indoor The person has a bag and some magazines laying on the table.
Vehicle An intersection with a stoplight on a roadway that has no vehicles traveling on it.
Outdoor The building in the city has been vandalized.
Person A girl posing with ski equipment in the snow
Person a number of cows behind a fence near one another 
Person Performers holding sticks in front of horses at a circus with audience. 
Furniture a man making a flower display in a vase on a wall
Sports A man about to hit a tennis ball.
Person A skateboard going around cones in a skateboard competition. 
Accessory a brown horse carrying people behind on the street
Animal A sheep stands idly at the edge of a field
Furniture Two twin beds pushed together with white blankets and pillows on top of them.
Person A group of children carrying stuffed animals walks across the grass. 
Kitchen Metal jar holding scissors, ladles, and tongs on a counter.
Person Boxes of fruit displayed at an open air market.
Food  A array of food consisting of soup, sandwich and dinner rolls
Person People using video game controllers in a living room.
Vehicle Cows lounge in a field with a mountain backdrop.
Sports a group of men are competing in a skiing tournament
Accessory The beach is crowded red and white beach umbrellas.
Person A statue of a cow with a subway map on its side.
Food A few boxes of glazed donuts on a table.
Accessory 3 people separated by a short distance skiing on a ski slope
Sports A male skateboarder is trying to pull off a trick on the ramp. 
Kitchen Four computers and keyboards arranged on a desk.
Animal Two giraffes that are standing near a rock wall.
Indoor A menu is displayed in front of a restaurant.
Indoor A cat stands with its paws against a desk. 
Food A spoon laying beside a few big carrots
Accessory an image of patio with umbrella outside on deck
Appliance A stuffed toy bunny lurking inside a microwave oven.
Person Many motorcycles are parked in the ground.A middle aged person standing near a bike.
Electronic Crackers coated with spread, sitting on a plate, ready to eat.
Person A man in a suit and tie wearing a hat.
Person a man pouring a drink into a wine glass 
Person The humongous twin engine airliner is being loaded. 
Furniture A man with a receding hairline offers a slice of pizza to a toddler.
Vehicle a bunch of parked motorcycles sit in it line 
Food a pot of food cooking in an oven
Person a red and white bus and some cars in the rain
Accessory People are riding on elephants in a river.
Electronic Man pouring different types of win into drinking glasses.
Sports A tennis player hits the ball up from the racket.
Person A woman sitting down holding a spoon and in her hand and eating.
Appliance A kitchen has wooden cabinets and black countertops.
Appliance A white sink placed in the middle of a constructed kitchen.
Kitchen A bathroom that has a bathtub with the light on.
Appliance The dining table near the kitchen has a bowl of fruit on it.
Electronic A piece of pizza sits next to beer in a bottle and glass. 
Vehicle A transit bus coming down a street with a large wooded side area.
Animal The large bird stands on rocks near the beach.
Kitchen A refrigerator that is covered in magnets from top to bottom.
Sports A young man playing tennis and preparing to hit the ball.
Accessory The man kisses the girl on the head as she laughs.
Accessory Motorcycles and mopeds line a side street during the day in a city.
Furniture A smiling boy sitting on a couch holds a banana peel
Furniture A pair of green sneakers on a single bed with a nightstand next to it
Sports A guy in a wet suite riding a surfboard on a wave.
Furniture A leather sitting bench is in a dimly lit room. 
Vehicle A picture of a very large kite flying in the air.
Indoor Two ladies are riding in a wagon being pulled by a horse. 
Accessory A man sitting in the back of a truck.
Electronic A woman on her cellphone standing on the sidewalk in a city. 
Food a person putting some pastries into a bag 
Furniture Man in business clothes sits on a chair with his hands crossed. 
Person A young surfer boy has rode the wave into shore.
Appliance a close up of a microwave attached to a wall
Kitchen A close-up of a burrito and potato wedges.
Person A flat screen tv on a wooden tv stand.
Vehicle A clock tower that is sitting in the middle of the street.
Person A smiling man is wearing a hot pink tie.
Animal Panoramic image of zebras grazing and lying in a field.
Person A clock that is standing on a table.
Person People lined up at a ticket check in area with luggage.
Person A person standing next to a rock wall near a cat standing on it. 
Kitchen A dessert topped with ice cream, and strawberries sits on a plate.
Vehicle A white truck parked next to a white trailer.
Vehicle A woman stands on a cobblestone walkway carrying an umbrella. 
Sports A surfer surfing on top of a wave.
Vehicle A group of people mingle on a yacht beside the coast.
Appliance A cat drinking water from a bathroom faucet.
Animal Cute little dog poses for a picture with the top of it's head dyed
Sports A person standing on a court with a tennis racket.
Furniture a table covered with banansas and a coconut
Person A skier is jumping in the air and crossing his skis.
Kitchen A very nice large modern style kitchen with a bar.
Kitchen a desk with a cup plate laptop monitor and keyboard
Vehicle An airplane flies high above in the sky with telephone lines in the picture as well. 
Accessory A woman holding a multiple colored umbrella in a crowd of people.
Food A dish of food and a drink sitting on a table.
Food Several desserts sitting behind a glass window with display cards in front of them.
Sports A person with skis in the air on snow covered mountains. 
Vehicle A sunset view of a marina with boats docked.
Person A group of people skiing take a break.
Outdoor A stop sign sits at an intersection in a city at night time. 
Indoor Bunch of flowers sitting in vase filled with water and rocks on bottom
Food The sandwich cookie has fruit in the middle of it. 
Kitchen  a woman smoking a cigarette near a girl sitting inside of a refridgerator.
Furniture A canopy bed with white see through curtains. 
Sports A small dog trying to grab a frisbee from someone
Person A cell phone fits snugly in a crocheted phone case.
Animal A ceramic elephant that is standing up on fake water.
Accessory The cross country skiers are enjoying their run.
Furniture a statue of  a bear wearing a red ribbon
Vehicle a bike stuck inside the back of a train
Sports A man in a wet suit stands on a surfboard and rows with a paddle.
Vehicle A pink city bus at a bus stop.
Appliance A man using his laptop computer while a cat sits on his lap.
Person A woman in a wet suit standing on a dolphins head
Food A small bowl filled with chopped vegetables and spoon
Vehicle A blue water hydrant on a pavement near the road
Person A white horse pulling a white carriage.on the street
Vehicle Old and new airplane models handing inside a building.
Kitchen Man and woman in the kitchen of a white house.
Kitchen Pizza, salad, and a glass of Hefevwsen beer
Sports The kid is playing a game of tennis on the court. 
Kitchen A pizza covered in french fries on top of a wooden table.
Sports A man riding a skateboard down a street next to parked cars.
Sports A large group of people skiing along a snowy ridge.
Appliance Black cat with green eyes sitting in a bathroom sink. 
Person Two men and woman opening boxes of pizza in a room.
Animal a close up of a dog on a boat 
Sports A guy on a skateboard about to go down a ramp.
Sports A mob of skier skiing down a snow covered mountain side.
Person People on a sidewalk next to building with clock.
Sports A baseball player swinging and missing the ball.
Person Several people standing at a train station while a train arrives.
Kitchen A little boy that is standing on a sidewalk with a suitcase.
Electronic A macbook laptop next to a phone, backpack, and various books. 
Person Several museum displays of baseball uniforms and bats.
Electronic a man in a red shirt sitting on the tire of a broken down truck
Furniture A table filled with a cake and paper plates with ice cream and cake.
Outdoor time shot of cars driving down Asian highway
Indoor A man standing in front of a TV holding a Wii game controller.
Kitchen A cat curiously looking sideways at a television.
Person A motorcyclist is pulled to the side of the road.
Furniture A small bathroom on an airplane with handles on either side.
Accessory a little green cart filled with assorted suitcases 
Furniture A little girl sitting in front of a white plate with pizza.
Animal A room full of shelving and many supplies
Person A yellow taxi cab sitting below tall buildings.
Outdoor A snowy, icy, empty city street and a stoplight.
Accessory A group of old planes on display in a museum
Vehicle Three people in a boat with an umbrella in the rain 
Kitchen The rail trolley is driving in front of other automobiles. 
Person A bus that is sitting on the street.
Person There are two people enjoying a wedding reception
Sports A receiver and a defender jump for the ball as a referee looks on during a football game.
Food A person that is eating some food in his hands.
Person A elephant reaching out with some thing with its nose. 
Person A group of people sitting around a table with food and drink.
Vehicle The view of a residential neighborhood with an abundance of trees.
Indoor Young children sharing a laptop in a messy room with several laptops, books, and papers.
Sports There is a young man standing on a skate board.
Furniture A young boy is smiling and he has food around him on a table.
Person A man laying on a painted line holding his knee in a parking lot
Appliance A fridge stands in the corner of a room. 
Furniture Well decorated bathroom in a small yellow tinted area.
Electronic Look in the kitchen shows refrigerator, sink, tv and a microwave
Vehicle A busy city with a building that has a clock on it.
Accessory The parking attendant is waiting for the fees to be paid.
Animal a large field of grass and cows 
Furniture A group of people sitting around a table in front of computers.
Furniture A cat laying in bed on top of a blanket.
Electronic Two men passing each other on the stair.s
Indoor a room decorated with a desk, a chair and some flowers
Person A man playing a tennis match is serving a tennis ball.
Food A family gathering and they are celebrating with a cake.
Person Woman posing for a picture while holding a cellphone. 
Person A flock of animals stand on the road near mountains.
Appliance A bathroom scene is shown with a tub and counter.
Person A person is snowboarding off of a rock formation.
Vehicle A city street with cars and street lights.
Outdoor A red fire hydrant is next to a public water fountain.
Kitchen A desk and chair in an office cubicle.
Person A horse standing in a lush green grass field.
Vehicle A police officer is riding a motorcycle down the street.
Person A group of people gathered in the lobby of  a building.
Vehicle Passengers wait at the platform as a passenger train approaches.
Person A man standing in front of a woman.
Outdoor Fire hydrant location in the middle of a flower field
Kitchen a teddy bear next to four boxes on the floor
Electronic A group of people walking on a city street dressed up like zombies.
Indoor A beautiful woman cooking food in a kitchen.
Appliance A room with many medical supplies in it. 
Person and man with a skateboard on a motorcycle in traffic
Person A person is standing over a dirty toilet in a bathroom stall. 
Sports A tennis player getting ready to his a tennis ball.
Animal A cat standing on grass making a funny expression.
Furniture a close up of a spoon on a wooden surface 
Outdoor The plow truck driver is talking to his neighbor.
Sports A group of baseball players cluster together while wearing blue and white uniforms.
Furniture A tennis player holding a racket during a tennis match.
Accessory A couple of snow skiers are casting a shadow on the snow.
Sports Two men kicking a ball on a city street.
Electronic A small child laying in bed drinking a bottle of milk.
Kitchen A desert split open showing a cake filling.
Person there is a man in the mirror throwing a ball in the air
Indoor A hand holding a child's pair of scissors.
Person A tennis player looks up with his leg in the air as photographers snap photos.
Vehicle A stormy cloud overshadows houses and a neighborhood intersection.
Kitchen this is a salad in some glass bowls
Food An older woman preparing cookies and bread at a table.
Person A man is taking a picture of some sandwiches.
Kitchen A sandwich is cut sitting on a plate.
Person A man making a face while biting a hot dog with cheese on it. 
Outdoor A black and white image of a city street in the 1950s or early 1960s.
Person A kite flying through the air in a field.
Accessory A group of people standing outside of a building.
Vehicle A picture of a downtown open air street market .
Outdoor Boy swinging a bat and about to hit a pitched ball.
Accessory There is a cow in the middle of a busy road
Sports Guy in shorts holding tennis racket takes aim.
Furniture Two bowls of a meat and vegetable dish
Furniture A group of cats that are sitting on a bed.
Indoor The two images show a dining table and a lamp on another table near a door. 
Person A group of older people around a long restaurant table.
Outdoor a black motorcycle parked on the road in front of a car
Person young females playing soccer on a green soccer field
Kitchen A plate of meats and cheese's next to three wine glasses.
Food Creamy cheesecake dessert with whip cream and caramel.
Person A picture of two young kids posing or a picture.
Person A young boy catching a small wave on his surfboard.
Furniture Two computers on a large wooden computer desk.
Animal The dog has blue eyes and is wearing a collar. 
Person A group of people are reading a menu at the table
Sports Two men shaking hands while standing on a tennis court.
Person A view of a city during the nite showing multi-colored lights and people.
Kitchen A man standing in a kitchen preparing food next to other cooks.
Vehicle A small red plane with a motorcycle riding past it
Outdoor The tennis player is walking on the court.
Vehicle A woman walking while carrying bananas on her hat.
Outdoor A city street at night filled with blurry traffic.
Sports A group of people hold up Frisbees for the camera.
Kitchen A cook in the kitchen is making something very good to eat.
Furniture a living room with a big black couch in the middle of it
Person A person in a bed with a dark bedspread with flowers.
Sports some people are flying kites and one male has a red tie on 
Electronic A business man photographs a city with his cell phone.
Person Adult with bicycle on ramp of commuter railway platform.
Kitchen Three men and one woman sit at a table eating pizza. 
Person A woman feeding a giraffe with a bottle at the zoo
Sports A youth holds a soccer ball while another youth is behind him, looking at the first youth.
Vehicle A man standing next to a muddy pick up truck.
Outdoor a dog is jumping in the air toward a disk
Indoor A dining table sits with a table cloth, near bright, open windows.
Person Tennis player smiles on the court while holding her tennis racket. 
Kitchen A woman feeding a giraffe with a bottle at the zoo
Vehicle A couple of guys are sitting with their luggage bag as a lady walks on. 
Accessory Two women walk outside, both holding up umbrellas
Electronic A little girl is using the toy brush for a chew toy rather than brushing the teddy.
Animal A group of giraffes walking in the sand.
Furniture this living room has all white couches and a flat screen tv
Vehicle A pro plane and a jet play flying close to each other in the sky.
Electronic a cat sitting in an office chair. 
Kitchen A table topped with red trays of food.
Animal A dog looking out the window of a car.
Kitchen Woman sitting at table with beverages consuming sandwich. 
Person A group of men sipping drinks and talking at a table.
Furniture A blue toilet that is underneath a towel.
Animal A zebra stands while another zebra lays down nearby. 
Kitchen orange slice with fork and various greens on plate
Food a person that is sitting down with a plate of food
Food Two women are looking at many colorful, heart shaped cakes. 
Furniture Many motorcycles are parked in the ground.A middle aged person standing near a bike.
Person A back end of a vehicle with a metal rack and an antennae.
Animal a cat stares through an opening between two doors 
Person A person is taking a picture of a hotel bathroom.
Electronic An empty bus has tartan seats, and a wooden floor.
Accessory A man balancing a soccer ball on his foot.
Outdoor A man that is sitting on a bench near a racquet.
Furniture There are two rolls of toilet paper and a hand dispenser on the bathroom wall.
Food A large sheet cake with a frosted mobile phone.
Furniture Living room arrangement with lights and windows and chairs
Person A woman on skis standing sideways in the snow.
Outdoor A person riding a very tall bike in the street.
Animal A sheep rubbing its back under a fence post.
Sports A person on skis going down a mountain slope.
Kitchen A bagel machine is making bagels while people people work in the background.
Person Several people standing out at a watery ledge with horses.
Animal An elephant standing on rocks next to a wood bridge.
Indoor a person sitting at a desk with a keyboard and monitor 
Vehicle Passengers wait for a train as it approaches the platform.
Furniture A man sits on his bed with a laptop in his bedroom as a ray of sunlight streams through the window. 
Kitchen some pancakes are stacked up on a plate
Person Two ladies are riding in a wagon being pulled by a horse. 
Furniture A twin bed with  a cat and laptop on top of it.
Vehicle two people with umbrella hats near one another 
Person A girl is playing in a grassy area.
Person A orange fire hydrant with a couple of men standing around it.
Person Three women that are standing in front of a table.
Person There are many people ready to ski on this beautiful day.
Person A MAN IS HOLDING A BASE BALL BAT STANDING AT THE DIRT
Indoor A porcelain tea and bathroom set is on display.
Accessory A man is laying by a racket, laptop, cell phone, and other objects. 
Furniture A smiling man is wearing a hot pink tie.
Food A cute little blond girl sitting next to a pizza.
Vehicle THERE ARE PEOPLE RIDING ON AN ELEPHANT BACK
Animal A black cat sitting on top of a bathroom sink.
Furniture A table with a laptop, phone and other devices sitting on it.
Person a person on skis riding on some snow 
Kitchen A group of bananas that are hanging from string.
Accessory A full view of a classroom with students and politicians.
Animal Two bears on the water fighting each other.
Animal A cat wearing a hat while resting it's paws on top of a chair.
Accessory A man in a blue dress shirt and tie sitting in an office chair.
Indoor a white clock is on top of a tower
Sports Items are sitting about for Chinese dress up fashion.
Accessory A group of women sitting on a park bench
Vehicle A passenger jet is flying over some trees.
Furniture A banana split is sitting on top of a table.
Vehicle A brown jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.
Vehicle A passenger jet that is flying in the sky.
Sports A LITTLE GIRL IS RUNNING WITH HER KITE IN A OPEN FIELD
Outdoor A street sign on a street corner in some very busy area.
Person a man that is sitting in front of a picnic table
Person A hand holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
Vehicle A man standing in front of a few horses on the street.
Person A woman on a cell phone with a bag.
Sports The skier is making a high jump in the snow.
Furniture A large round cake is sitting on a plate.
Vehicle Four people enjoying a meal are posing for their picture. 
Furniture People using video game controllers in a living room.
Person Two people are cutting into a large cake.
Furniture A woman sitting on a couch in front of a laptop.
Sports Different angles of a person who is using a snowboard. 
Animal A large giraffe is standing near a body of water in a field. 
Vehicle A very old and rusted train parked on the tracks.
Accessory someone steaming the wrinkles out of a garment 
Person A motorcycle sitting in front of a classic Ford Mustang Car.
Kitchen A group of people sitting around a table with food and drink.
Food A pizza sitting on top of a plate next to a foil bag of food.
Furniture A uniformed baseball player being watched by people.
Kitchen a man putting a puppy inside of an oven.
Furniture There are two cats laying down with two remotes
Animal A tog is leashed to a post on the sidewalk.
Person Person holding on to a video game remote while using a computer mouse with other hand
Accessory A produce stand in an open air market with different veggies.
Indoor The blonde woman in the red checked shirt is learning to use Wii Fit.
Person A large long bus going down a city street.
Person Two woman leaning against a wall wearing baby slings.
Indoor A table topped with two wine glasses and a centerpiece.
Electronic There is a group of kids holding computers on their laps.
Food A french dip sandwich that is on a plate. 
Sports Several male baseball players playing a game while fans watch
Indoor A clock reads almost 2:30 with a building behind it
Person Small children standing around a small white sheep. 
Outdoor A car that has slid into a light pole on a snow covered road.
Vehicle A narrow city street is filled with people and motorbikes.
Sports A snow skier is standing on the snow.
Person A family looking at vases and plates in a store.
Person Several plaid and red umbrellas opened on a dreary day.
Person A produce stand in an open air market with different veggies.
Person People standing on the sidewalk waiting for a parade to start.
Person Baseball player standing near home plate in stadium.
Animal Three zebras interacting in a zoo zebra enclosure.
Accessory The passage between the modern buildings is used by bicycle riders.
Accessory A couple of double high buses that are in the street.
Person A bunch of boxes that have fruit inside of them.
Animal Jockeys races horses on the beach on a clear day.
Furniture A mother with her baby laying in bed.
Person A young girl with a video game controller in her hand.
Electronic A grandmother looks at her family's pizza dinner
Food A clear glass bowl with bananas and plums in it. 
Outdoor An electric trolley bus on the street in Seattle
Furniture A living room has white furniture and fire place.
Furniture A just married coule feed each other cake while a photographer takes photos.
Person A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
Person A man with a piece of food in his mouth.
Food The broccoli and cheese dish was sitting in a tin pan.
Kitchen a silver oven sits next to other appliances 
Animal Orange and white cat lying in front of bookcase.
Vehicle Several cattle walking down a street in front of a car.
Vehicle A couple of men standing next to a truck.
Person some people sitting and standing on the beach
Animal Two tall giraffes graze on bushes in an open field.
Kitchen Large moths atop a plate of bananas and citrus.
Food A man eating food off of a plate 
Sports A man swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
Outdoor A slanted picture of a woman waiting to cross the street. 
Person a traffic light above a city street 
Person a couple of buildings surrounding a pond with boats
Electronic A young girl in the foreground and a woman in a bridal dress and other adults in the background. 
Vehicle Four people standing outside of a steam train. 
Accessory a blue suitcase some shoes and a wooden table
Appliance Two woman soldiers talking to other women in a kitchen
Vehicle A green sports motorcycle parked by a pole in a car lot.
Kitchen Adults working on projects and computers in office environment.
Kitchen A copse of men sitting next to each other at a table.
Furniture A cat leaning off of a bed looking at the floor
Accessory An oddly taken photo of some buildings and shops.
Vehicle A marina filled with boats floating in crystal blue water.
Person A bus sitting on the side of the road.
Vehicle The red boat is anchored on the shore of the lake in front of the houses.  
Indoor A young woman smiles with her stuffed teddy bear.
Person A dog between the feet of a person looking at a TV.
Outdoor A person riding a bicycle on a deserted street.
Animal A cats sits on the table with a dog outside.
Furniture A couple of women holding video game console controllers
Food A picture of a fruit with its shell peeled.
Outdoor A close up of a black and white teddy bear sitting on a bench.
Sports A man playing a tennis game in front of a crowd.
Electronic A person performing on the stage and a man sitting on the bike 
Sports A blue dog sitting on  a striped couch
Animal A kitten sitting in a skin with a green brush with green bristles.
Furniture An un-attended office desk with multiple monitors and a laptop computer.
Furniture A man stands next to a copier machine
Indoor someone steaming the wrinkles out of a garment 
Furniture Nicely decorated three tier wedding cake with topper.
Sports two people standing on a paved sidewalk with skateboards
Food A classroom with a chalkboard, desk, and books.
Person Two little boys holding cell phones in their hands.
Vehicle The planes are all flying in the same direction.
Appliance a room showing a cooker and an oven
Kitchen A box contains a breakfast with an omelet, tomato slices, a sausage, and some toast.
Vehicle The passenger buses are travelling down the road.
Animal A bird sits on a parking meter with several parked cars in the street.
Kitchen A variety of computer equipment sitting on a desk.
Furniture a green vase with some flowers and greenery
Vehicle A man standing behind a truck filled with produce.
Vehicle a car is parked next to a pole 
Furniture a small vase and a large vase of flowers on a table
Animal A zebra putting its face up close to a fence rail.
Food A plastic apple clock on a table surface.
Sports A skier stands on skis at the top of a snowy plateau.
Person A double-decker bus turned in to a traveling showcase for a University
Person A group of people in a large kitchen.
Food Woman showing delight with plated chocolate desert dish .
Person Shirtless man pushing his bike on a city street. 
Animal A zebra near a waterhole grazing on some grass.
Outdoor A bus pulls over to the curb close to an intersection.
Person The various pictures are featuring bananas and holders.
Vehicle A young man sitting on a park bench next to a playground.
Furniture A large group of people pose for a photo at dinner.
Sports a man holding up a baseball bat as he gets ready to hit a ball
Food A bowl of noodles, meat, broccoli and carrots in a sauce with a fork.
Outdoor A woman holding an umbrella stands as people walk past.
Person A tennis player with a racket hitting the ball
Person A surfer riding the inside of the curve of a wave.
Accessory A couple of people that are outside a double high bus.
Person A skateboarder doing a trick in a yard surrounded by a chain fence.
Furniture Group of women sitting down on a public train together. 
Vehicle A man holding a white object in his hand.
Appliance A woman bending over and looking inside of a mini fridge.
Kitchen There are a bunch of bananas left out in the open. 
Person A train is rounding the train tracks next to the trees.
Vehicle A pair of friends sit beneath a massive blue umbrella.
Vehicle a street with some signs, cars, and some tall buildings 
Accessory A passenger train parked next to a platform.
Electronic A group of people sitting at a table using computers.
Person A smiling girl standing beside a sign that says "Princess Parking Only".
Kitchen A group of people pose for a picture at the table
Indoor A TV sitting in a living room on a hard wood floor.
Indoor Two hot dogs are sandwiched between two slices of bread
Accessory A woman puts her market shopping in her motor scooter seat
Electronic A male tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball.
Furniture The black and white photo shows a toilet and a bathroom sink.
Person I am unable to see the image above.
Outdoor Traffic can be seen far down the road in this photograph.
Kitchen A woman in camouflage showing a device to young women.
Vehicle The inside bow section of a narrow metal boat floating on blue-green water. 
Kitchen a person that is standing in a kitchen next to a icebox
Person Many cars parked on a city street with tall buildings in the background.
Person a woman taking a picture in a bathroom mirror and a toilet and sink
Vehicle The pick up truck is plowing the snow. 
Indoor A barefoot woman eating food outside from a plate on her lap.
Outdoor a couple of cars are driving down a city street
Person A man tosses a frisbee across to his friend
Animal An elephant trying to reach something on the ground with his trunk.
Furniture Two boys standing up playing a video game.
Sports A couple of men play baseball and the batter runs for base.
Furniture Outdoor patio and front of a bar that serves hot dogs
Furniture The corner of a bathroom, showing the sink and toilet.
Sports A man playing tennis on a court in a neighborhood.
Kitchen A table is set with pizza and beer and a salad.
Outdoor A lady is sitting on a bench barefooted while using her phone.
Appliance a man standing by an oven while making some cookies 
Food A table with a plate that has a pizza on it along with fresh vegetable and meat toppings.
Animal A field full of horses standing on top of grass.
Furniture an open box of doughnuts on a wooden table
Indoor A little girl smiling for the camera with an umbrella behind her.
Animal Three cats are napping on the carpeted floor.
Indoor An old time looking clock surrounded by greenery. 
Person A bunch of bikers are gathered on a city street. 
Person A man running towards a ball with a tennis racket in his hand. 
Person A man that has glasses and a hat.
Person The woman is working at the kitchen counter.
Appliance A kitchen has a plain white fridge in the corner. 
Kitchen Milkshake in tall glass and piece of cake on plate near forks.
Electronic there is a woman sitting on a couch playing a video game
Vehicle Closeup of a logo on a blue and red bus.
Food A woman is cutting into a cake with a large knife.
Kitchen A smiling man is behind the counter at a restaurant. 
Animal a number of horses in a field near a building 
Kitchen A cat is sitting in a small bowl on the table.
Furniture White pastries sitting on top of a white plate with silverware. 
Person A baseball player pushing another player on to the field
Person A man in a black jacket is flipping through a large book.
Vehicle A cat standing on the hood of a car.
Furniture a person that is sitting down with a plate of food
Outdoor People seated on wooden chairs and a bicycle parked nearby.
Accessory A child in a hat playing on a laptop computer
Food Small personal pizza on a crust made of rice.
Furniture A brown dog looking sad while laying on a couch. 
Sports The man in the green hat and shirt is holding two Frisbees. 
Kitchen A giraffe drinking milk from a bottle behind a cage.
Sports The woman is learning how to ski on the snow.
Electronic A group of chairs around a table and laptop in a garden
Appliance The bathroom has very white appliances in it.
Vehicle A long train filled with nothing but cabooses.
Animal a plaza filled with a lot of birds and some cows
Animal A cat looking at a dog as it sniffs the floor.
Food A man wearing glasses eating a donut. 
Person Several people are surfing or swimming at the ocean.
Furniture A banana and a nearly empty bowl of food resting on top of a table.
Furniture A big, open room with large windows and wooden floors.
Person A woman posing in front of a sculpture at a bar.
Animal THERE ARE A LOT OF SHEEPS WALKING THE FIELD 
Animal People riding and washing elephants in a stream.
Kitchen A man sitting by a table with food in bowls and pans 
Animal A goup of elephants in an enclosed area with a lot of trees behind them.
Accessory THERE IS A MAN WALKING IN THE AIRPORT
Sports There is a dog holding a Frisbee in its mouth.
Person a male surfer is riding a wave on a sunny day
Kitchen A bicycle parked on top of a baby dolls head.
Furniture A boy in an orange t-shirt plays a video game.
Outdoor A man standing next to a light and a sign.
Indoor A picture of someones living room white a person is watching TV.
Person A man with a baseball bat that is in the dirt.
Person A man standing on a wet beach holding a blue board.
Person A man is riding on bicycle alongside a new construction building.
Person A group of people that are sitting on a log.
Vehicle Several children on a small  indoor kiddie train.
Person A man holding a red frisbee while standing on lush green field.
Furniture A man holding a brides garter as a woman shows her muscles.
Person a person that is sitting down with a plate of food
Person People are gathering at an outdoor food market.
Kitchen a plate with a bowl of  tomato soup and two halves of a grilled cheese sandwich.
Sports A young boy wearing a baseball uniform holding a baseball bat.
Sports A tennis player wearing all white reaches hi racket up to a ball.
Vehicle a close up of a motorcycle parked near a building
Furniture A woman holding a game controller with a man looking on.
Accessory A man with dark hair, a shirt and a tie posing for a picture.
Vehicle Workers at an airport transporting luggage from the plane.
Person A giraffe looking and  walking around a field. 
Animal A view of a baby goat standing and a mother goat sitting in a field.
Vehicle Some people are sitting on the benches and relaxing. 
Vehicle A diminutive fire hydrant rising though a suburban sidewalk.
Indoor A brown and white vase with foliage on a small table.
Furniture A spare bedroom with a bed with a flowered blanket.
Furniture A group of older man standing next to each other.
Indoor Moss has grown all over the building with the clock tower.
Furniture A group of friends sitting around a wooden table together.
Person A closeup picture of a couple is seen here.
Kitchen A woman wearing a towel holding a blow dryer.
Kitchen A construction wall that has been used as a billboard.
Vehicle A man parked his motorcycle on the side of the road.
Vehicle An open market has a large table of bananas.
Indoor A stack of many different types of suitcases.
Food A man taking a selfie while eating pizza.
Animal A black and white cat is lazily laying around.
Kitchen A large living room with a wall painted green
Sports A child is sitting on the floor and making a kite.
Animal A photograph of two cows grazing on a green pasture.
Person A tennis player makes a quick shuffle to return the ball.
Electronic a person walking on a street talking on a cell phone
Accessory a number of people sitting on benches 
Person hot dogs on a skewer roasting over a fire
Kitchen A woman holds a fork and looks at a pizza.
Person A man driving a small boat with a dog sitting on it's front end.
Kitchen A bowl of soup with green vegetables floating on top of it.
Furniture A large room with wooden floors and a bookshelf.
Person A female skier stops and poses for a picture
Person Young child playing with several lawn type ornaments.
Animal a zebra but the everything after the head is pure white
Person A group of people are standing next to an elephant emerging from the water.
Person a person sitting down with a cell phone
Sports A person on a field with a baseball bat.
Food A square, white cake sits on a round plate and is decorated with strawberries.
Furniture A small fridge in a efficiency hotel room
Animal Tagged, black faced sheep in a pen in a livestock yard
Sports A snowboarder is flying in the air over snow.
Furniture Several children sit together while playing with plastic laptop computers.
Person A man is kissing a woman on the top of the head.
Animal there is a duck that is sitting in the water
Person a number of people sitting at a table with lots of food
Person A pizza topped with cheese, tomato sauce, and mushrooms being sliced on a plate.
Vehicle A blue train is next to a sidewalk on the rails.
Person A tattooed woman lying down on a bed in a bedroom.
Sports A market area with many kites hanging from roof.
Sports A women who is standing in the snow on skis.
Person Three people standing next to a large elephant
Sports Two guys in the woods playing with a disc.
Animal The brown fuzzy dog has round blue eyes.
Kitchen A group of people that are standing in front of a island.
Animal a small calf nursing a cow in a pasture
Electronic A child laying on a bed with a white pillow.
Accessory A man and a woman on a sidewalk standing in front of several suitcases. 
Animal Small dog waiting for green frisbee to be thrown.
Kitchen A picture of the inside of a house with the door open. 
Kitchen A man cuts a pizza to serve with salad and wine. 
Person Two people sitting on a motorcycle in the street next to a beach.
Kitchen A yellow cat is on the desk sniffing a computer keyboard.
Accessory A person walking down a street while holding an umbrella.
Outdoor A red fire hydrant with a building in the background.
Person the fire hydrant has on the side of the road
Indoor A clock town sits in the middle of a city.
Person A man pulling a slice of pizza away from a pizza.
Food A child is holding two hot dogs up to the photographer.
Indoor a big clock on a blue pole in a small downtown town
Sports a woman reaching up while jumping to hit a tennis ball 
Person A group of men traveling on horses in the water,
Sports A man standing on top of a river next to the sun and a flying kite.
Furniture a bright kitchen with tulips on the table and plants by the window 
Person A group of men loading luggage onto an airplane.
Furniture A woman in a white dress and a man in gray stand near a cake on a white table under a white canopy.
Accessory Vendors selling various fresh foods at an outdoor market
Sports a man playing tennis going for a low ball
Furniture Two women are playing a Wii game at a banquet hall.
Animal A picture of some birds are flying around in the air.
Vehicle A jet is towed down the tarmac on a dreary gray day.
Kitchen A part of a cake on a plate with a knife and cake server next to it.
Person a person riding a two thick wheeled bike on sand 
Food A person on a motorcycle talking to a person with a watermelon.
Vehicle A beach scene with sail boats, a dog, and people wading.
Person A motorcycle that is sitting in the street on a stand.
Furniture A young gir holding a child with a boy standing next to them
Kitchen A pizza is topped with fine cheese and backed in a oven
Person A long wooden restaurant table surrounded by people seated.
Food A woman taking a photo of her food with a cell phone.
Sports A girl wearing all orange on a court holding a tennis racket. 
Electronic A woman in a messy living room playing the Wii.
Appliance A beautiful bathroom and a guy is in bathroom.
Food A lot of people sitting around a table full of food.
Vehicle this train station has many lights on the ceiling
Furniture A group of people are reading a menu at the table
Outdoor A stop sign that has some papers on it.
Outdoor A parking meter beside a walkway near the water.
Electronic Many children are sitting at a dining table eating pizza.
Person A man sitting alone on a park bench in a park.
Person A boy stands in front of a TV in a living room.
Vehicle A  young child standing in front of a table with plates of food.
Furniture An oddly shaped black toilet lid in a bathroom.
Food Donuts and assorted pastries fill this white plate.
Animal A herd of cattle crossing the street while cars wait behind them.
Food A little girl puts her hand in a pasta dish. 
Person Two men are doing work in a bathroom.
Person A woman that is sitting down holding a racquet.
Vehicle a yellow and gray train some tracks and trees
Person A pizza and salad is sitting on a table.
Kitchen A half eaten meal sitting on a plate.
Indoor A small tan teddy bear is wedged into a spot on the dashboard of this car.
Accessory THERE IS A MAN THAT IS LOOKING OUT OF THE WINDOW 
Furniture Two mini figurines sitting beside a plate with food.
Vehicle A big white bus is parked in the middle of a parking lot. 
Food A pizza that is sitting on a wooden platter.
Person A person frying some kind of food on a stove.
Sports A girl being photographed holding a baseball bat.
Person A man is swinging a bat a ball being pitched at him.
Person A woman playing tennis with spectators behind her.
Person Little boys playing on a baseball field in baseball uniforms. 
Furniture A GREEN TABLE WITH A OLD RUSTY BLENDER AND A PRINTER 
Sports A bunch of surfboards that are in the sand.
Vehicle People dressed as zombies walking down the street.
Person A woman sits on the curb talking on her phone.
Appliance A VERY NICE BATHROOM IN THE MIDDLE OF A REMODEL
Sports A boy is playing with a kite in a wet land.
Person People are lined up by a red food truck.
Person Two women sitting on a ledge deep in thought.
Electronic White ornate seat in nicely decorated room with television.
Indoor A woman is holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel and holding a toothbrush
Person A couple of young guys standing next to each other in a living room.
Person A room with a cluttered desk, lots of collectible items on shelves and many posters on the walls.
Appliance a stainless steel stove and oven with a shelf beside it
Accessory A group of people standing around a white cake.
Person a large kite that is being flown in the sky
Animal Three Zebra's eating grass as they walk. 
Animal A group of elephants contains a baby one.
Person Two people that are laying in bunk beds and looking up.
Furniture The garage is littered with garbage on the floor. 
Animal The horse and rider are jumping over the yellow structure. 
Food The living room is nicely cleaned and organized.
Animal A group of zebras eating in a n enclosure
Animal A cat that is laying on a couch.
Person A man is preparing to hit a tennis ball. 
Sports People are standing on top of a snowy hill.
Indoor A television with two men and a woman on the screen. 
Accessory A group of men and women gathered together outside. 
Vehicle A city bus stopped by the side of the road for passengers
Sports A skier posing on a snowy ski slope.
Furniture Two military personnel cutting and serving cake. 
Person A man flying a kite above a tall building in a cloudy blue sky.
Food Baby boy at the table eating cake frosting off his hand.
Animal The two giraffes are standing in the dirt.
Furniture A picnic table in sand, underneath a tree.
Outdoor Closeup of a button in front of the Louisville Slugger factory in KY.
Food There is a teapot and food on a plate.
Animal two people riding horses on a rock path
Person Young people are flying kites at a park.
Accessory A large open multi- colored umbrella and tree branches.
Accessory A woman watching another woman walk with a suitcase on wheels.  
Animal A cat is on the television screen in an office.
Person A woman in glasses holding up a cake with frosting.
Vehicle THERE ARE PEOPLE PLAYING SKATE BOARD ON THE STREET 
Sports a young man wearing skis slides down the slope
Furniture a person leaning with her head on a bat 
Furniture an image of a subway bus going thru the subway station
Kitchen A new husband and wife feeding each other wedding cake as a photographer takes pictures. 
Sports A man in white baseball uniform on a grassy baseball field.
Indoor Many children sit around a person in a Santa costume.
Furniture An empty bus has tartan seats, and a wooden floor.
Vehicle two people riding a motorcycle with chairs and umbrellas near by
Sports Several people are surfing or swimming at the ocean.
Person A person holding an older model of a smart phone.
Animal A black cat with white paws is standing among some wooden boards and a toy.
Person Some people in high visibility jackets putting suitcases onto a conveyer belt from a container
Animal A motorcycle parked outside of a building with bird cages.
Indoor This girl is laying on the bed reading.
Person a small child operating a laptop on a bed 
Sports Tennis player swinging at tennis ball with racket
Person An older man in a tuxedo standing next to a younger man in a tuxedo wearing glasses.
Indoor A table with plates of food that include corn and fruit.
Furniture a slice of pizza sitting on top of a table.
Food There is a platter with a salad on white linen.
Appliance A kitchen is shown with cabinets and appliances.
Kitchen A white plate topped with a pizza cut into 6 slices.
Vehicle A large colorful truck with a with a wooden building on it's back.
Food The white plate contains a meat sandwich on toast, garnished with lettuce, onions, and tomato.
Furniture A vase filled with flowers next to a smaller vase filled with even more flowers.
Sports Photographers taking pictures of a tennis player during a game.
Electronic Intricate cake with a saying and cell phone stuck in it.
Animal a brown gray and black bird sitting on a branch
Furniture A plate with pizza, lettuce and ham sit on a plate white we see hands holding silverware and a bottle of wine with glasses.
Indoor A white desk is covered with papers and has a silver lap top on it.
Electronic A cozy living room with small potted plants and a flat screen.
Accessory A man teaching young people how to play tennis.
Indoor A black leather sofa in a large living room.
Kitchen A bathroom with purple walls and two mirrors.
Accessory some people standing in a room in formal wear
Vehicle Girl on bicycle on road in front of large building. 
Furniture A man at a table taking a picture of his food.
Outdoor A man sitting at a green bench next to a tall tree.
Kitchen A cup, toothbrushes, and other items sit on the side of a small sink.
Kitchen A plate topped with noodles and a fork.
Furniture a white urinal white tiles a red table with a dish
Person Male professional tennis player swinging at a tennis ball.
Furniture A man and women eating a plate of food with chop sticks. 
Sports Two large elephants waiting to enter their shelter.
Person A bunch of bikes that are sitting on the sidewalk.
Indoor A stuffed animal in the light sitting on the ground
Indoor A heart shaped, glass container filled with origami birds.
Furniture A sandwich with nachos and a salad on a plate.
Vehicle Parkour while skating on a rail in urban
Vehicle a tall clock tower with bushes and trees in the foreground
Kitchen A black cat is sitting in a bathroom sink.
Person A smart phone displays some text and a picture.
Sports a tennis player stretching to hit a tennis ball 
Furniture A group of young children sitting around a chocolate cake.
Person A person in a wet suit on a surfboard
Kitchen A small cat is looking up at a stove top.
Animal A picture of a person riding a horse.
Vehicle a plane flying by a bright moon in the sky
Indoor Water traffic along the Thames by Big Ben
Sports A surf board sticking up in the sand.
Person Man with beard folding arms with tie over shoulder.
Vehicle A black metal bench with a had hanging on the back of it. 
Animal A person with an umbrella and two dogs walking in the snow.
Person An office desk with two flat panel monitors.
Furniture A man in his apartment bedroom answering his cell phone.
Vehicle A stop sign sitting on top of a metal column.
Food THERE ARE FRIED DOUGHNUTS IN A PAN TO BUY
Kitchen a cat that is looking into a computer screen
Person A group of people play a game of baseball in a field. 
Electronic A living room with a wooden floor filled with furniture.
Person Food trucks are parked around small oval tables.
Furniture The door of a closet is open with towels in it.
Outdoor a horse walking on a small platform in front of a group of people
Food Woman holding a small birthday cake rides a coin-operated children's ride in a convenience store.
Vehicle Two men and a woman riding on the back of an elephant.
Kitchen A person holds a smartphone taking a picture of a bottle and glasses on the table
Person Several cross country skiers traveling through the snow.
Animal This is an image of two girls with goats
Person An airplane sits outside, ready at the airport.
Furniture Someone is holding a pick cellular flip phone. 
Electronic A cat sitting in front of a computer monitor.
Accessory A group of three soldiers standing next to each other.
Furniture Two kids in pink and purple jackets standing by a fence.
Food A woman holding a plastic utensil passing out a piece of cake.
Indoor A clock tower on top of a church with a weather vein.
Kitchen The meal features steak and potatoes on the plate..
Kitchen bright red microwave sitting on the kitchen counter
Animal A couple of elephants standing in the water.
Food A served tray filled with smaller plates of food
Person a woman being photographed holding a baseball bat
Accessory A wheel along back pack with a jacket strapped to the top
Person A river is seen from afar and the river is next to a city that features old buildings.
Vehicle A bunch of people standing together with some umbrellas.
Food A man is taking a picture of his food
Indoor A room with filtered light coming through vertical blinds on a doorwall,  with a sleeping dog lying on a dog bed next to a rocking chair
Electronic A woman sitting cross legged in a living room area
Outdoor A ceramic elephant that is standing up on fake water.
Outdoor A double parking meter on a pole with a bicycle rack.
Vehicle Two girls playing frisbee out in the sun.
Animal a group of giraffes standing around by some trees 
Person people eating on a table with many different food types on it
Appliance A woman with her hand over her glass while sitting at a dinner table.
Person A woman holds a phone next to the laptop a child is working on.
Outdoor A fire hydrant painted red white and blue
Sports A group of young people playing a game of soccer.
Person Three people in the distance riding horses along the beach.
Electronic A person holding an older model of a smart phone.
Person A woman is skiing in a snowy forest.
Person a man with a mustache is wearing a tie
Food A man cutting through a pizza that is sitting on top of a stove.
Furniture a woman siting at a restaurant table with a plate of mexican food on it 
Food Large moths atop a plate of bananas and citrus.
Electronic A bed in front of a window with a pad of paper on top.
Sports A group of young men chasing a frisbee.
Person A ski is laying loose while two people struggle to get up.
Indoor The orange handles of scissors are sticking out of a holder.
Person A person and a horse splash through shallow water.
Appliance A man wears gloves as he installs a toilet.
Indoor A huge clock on a shoreline by several large buildings.
Sports A dog sniffs a baseball bat on a baseball field.
Person A purple and white bus in a parking lot.
Kitchen Two computer monitors are placed beside each other on a desk.
Person a man that is on a skateboard that is on a ramp
Person Luggage is sorted into groups, and sits outside the fence for pickup.
Person A dog walking on the beach with a frizzbe in his month.
Indoor A pregnant with writing on her stomach while holding a brown teddy bear.
Person A girl is sitting on a brick wall using her cell phone.
Person Skier in full snow gear posing for a picture.
Food A four compartment tray holding various food items.
Food The man is holding a bowl over dough on the kitchen counter. 
Animal there is a young boy that is riding a horse
Furniture four tennis players with rackets on a court
Person a person holding a small cake with candles
Kitchen A young man standing below a shelf full of odds and ends.
Person a small child with his fingers in his mouth and plate of food
Accessory A group of people stand next to a bench outside.
Food A rack topped with glazed donuts sitting side by side.
Sports a child riding a skate board on a city street 
Sports some snow skiers one in a blue jacket the other white
Accessory A person poses with a open umbrella indoors.
Vehicle Bus stopped at the side of the road.
Food people in kitchen taking a pizza out of an oven.
Kitchen a table with many plates of food on top
Vehicle A commuter train that is in the train yard and is parked. 
Person A man holding an umbrella in a hallway.
Food A white bowl with green broccoli and green apples.
Person A large bus is making a turn in traffic. 
Indoor A counter stands in the center of a kitchen.
Person A young child that is sitting by a red cake.
Kitchen A CONTEMPORARY BATHROOM THAT HAS A VERY LARGE MIRROR
Kitchen A plate of food sits next to its dessert
Accessory A person walking down a street in front of a building.
Accessory A man pulling himself out of a mirror by his own tie.
Person a person standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.
Accessory A woman is walking and carrying an umbrella over her head.
Indoor A laptop is sitting on a computer desk.
Accessory Urban downtown city center with a bicyclist. and pedestrians 
Furniture Two boxes of takeout food are sitting on a park bench.
Electronic boy on ski slope talking on cell phone.
Person A skateboarder jumping of of a ledge onto a parking lot.
Person A chili cheese dog on a plate with a bag of corn chips next to it.
Person people going along a hill on skiis during a race 
Furniture A bathroom with black and white toilet and a tiled floor.
Sports Spectators are watching a snowboard competition of the Olympics.
Furniture A table is covered in breakfast foods at a Waffle House.
Furniture A woman feeding a little boy french fries at a restaurant. 
Furniture A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet.
Animal Two giraffes walking around in the grass and dirt.
Animal A dog walks on the deck of a sail boat.
Sports A man is holding a tennis racket while posing.
Person A bald man with glasses stares forward while wearing a robot tie.
Animal A dog in a field looking up while wearing a hat.
Sports A man leaping up to catch a frisbee with another man running behind him.
Person A tennis player with his leg up in the air and a racket in one hand.
Person A person is opening a plastic package with their hands.
Furniture A cat that is sitting on an orange chair.
Person View from inside of a car of cars on road and a man on the side of the road.
Person A kite flies over flags posted on a windy beach.
Food A young boy with a spoon looking at a birthday cupcake.
Indoor a hallway next to a bedroom doorway and a blue padded chair.
Food Donuts in a staging area with a pair of tongs near them.
Sports A person riding skis down a snow covered slope.
Person a very large orange boat floating in a lake
Indoor A vase with green leaves is sitting on display.
Indoor A menagerie of stuffed animals lined up on the floor. 
Appliance A girl talks on her cell phone next to a computer and a microwave.
Furniture A little powder room with a blue toilet, multicolored tile floor, and a colorful towel.
Food A woman standing in a kitchen next to a table.
Electronic The computer mouse is in front of the laptop.
Person A girl talks on her cell phone next to a computer and a microwave.
Accessory Man in a crowd of people with a skateboard.
Furniture The lid is up on the toilet bowl.
Accessory The woman holds an umbrella for the bride and groom.
Person A big bus in a parking lot next to a big building 
Furniture The case on the shelf is holding several feathers. 
Indoor A hotdog, fries and a drink sit on a table beside a book.
Electronic A couple of women holding game controllers in their hands.
Animal The two giraffes are standing in a pasture.
Person A man riding a wave on a surfboard at the beach.
Kitchen A square plate of food with vegetables, meat, and a variety of vegetables. 
Accessory A man with an umbrella is smiling on a cloudy day.
Person a person hitting a ball with a stick in a office.
Indoor a large group of people are sharing a meal at a restaurant
Person A person sits on the floor beside flip flops and a teddy bear.
Electronic A couple of people in a room with a remote.
Electronic PASSENGER TRAIN IN THE NIGHT HOURS WITH NO SMOKING SIGN, AND TWO WOMEN
Vehicle  A jet airliner flying in the air carrying some passengers. 
Electronic A desk with several monitors under it and two computers and a laptop on top of the desk. 
Person A baseball team playing a baseball game in front of a crowd.
Outdoor A group of people on bicycles at a traffic light by vehicles.
Person some people standing next to each other on top of a snowy hill 
Accessory An indoor museum exhibit features several old planes. 
Person Engine and train stopped at an indoor platform.
Furniture Two people laugh near a surfboard in a room.
Animal A dog with a cowboy hat on its head.
Appliance a close up of an oven with food cooking on top 
Person two people playing a match of tennis on a court.
Furniture The beach is crowded red and white beach umbrellas.
Animal Giraffes in their wood and grass zoo enclosure
Furniture a person sitting at a desk with a keyboard and monitor 
Person A person using a photo filter holding a samsung cell phone.
Furniture Two twin beds in a room with a picture of flowers above it.
Furniture A desk with a keyboard, mouse and computer monitor.
Vehicle A white motorcycle parked next to a sidewalk.
Person A baby looking over a fathers shoulder watching other people eat.
Indoor A brown bear sitting on top of a persons back.
Accessory a professional pitcher on the mound getting ready to throw the ball
Person Blue and yellow train that is heading down the tracks
Person Three men are dressed in baseball uniforms and are posed for a portrait.
Electronic A peson talks on a phone while playing on a computer
Outdoor A person is riding a motorcycle on a city street.
Person The baseball player is waiting for the ball.
Sports A catches crouches on a patch of dirt.
Animal There are two women holding objects in their hands.
Animal The giraffe is eating grass from the hill side.
Person A man on a skateboard grinding on a pole
Indoor An orange room with a bookcase, chairs, and a TV.
Electronic An Apple computer monitor sits on a desk.
Person A man is surfing a big wave towards shore.
Electronic A man in shirt and tie at desk with laptop.
Animal One cow standing and one laying down within a fence.
Furniture a white bed and a ceiling fan light 
Vehicle A woman that is standing in a crosswalk near mopeds.
Food some bananas are in a bowl on a table
Person A man with a suit and tie and a fedora on.
Indoor A group of white teddy bears on a white table.
Sports a white and yellow surfboard in a bicycles rack 
Person A group of men standing around a yellow fire hydrant.
Appliance A busy kitchen next to a dining table and counters with chairs and tables
Furniture A dog sitting on a chair underneath a painting.
Person A man flying a colorful kite over a sandy beach.
Vehicle An air hanger with an old fighter plane inside.
Accessory A man and a women posing next to one another in front of a table.
Person Daisy ducks stands at a Christmas decorated Disney World.
Electronic On a desk sits a keyboard and mouse.
Kitchen Two containers containing quiche, a salad, apples and a banana on the side.
Person A man is swinging at a ball during a baseball game.
Appliance A small cramped bathroom slightly cluttered with dingy walls.
Furniture some cut up oranges and jars and a wooden knife
Sports A boy smiles as he rides his boogie board to shore.
Animal a black brown and white dog with a red collar
Person two people standing on the same skateboard and holding each other up.
Animal A bird is flying against a blue sky.
Outdoor A train is entering its stop with people waiting for it.
Furniture A colorful display of vegetables and produce at a market.
Person A man playing a game with a wii controller in a living room.
Furniture A living room with art on the walls and a couch.
Person A family sitting at a large table in a restaurant.
Outdoor a small boat floating down a river by a house
Outdoor A woman sitting on a bench near a statue, checking her phone.
Furniture a bed with a square object on it next to a window.
Person A street scene with a bride and groom under an umbrella.
Person the girl is standing under a clear umbrella
Kitchen Two sets of hands are each holding a cell phone while another hand in the background is holding a glass.
Animal A herd of elephants walking away from a watering hole.
Sports A windsurfer watches people kite surfing at the beach
Person Many photos are arranged to show a couple holding hands in bed.
Kitchen a steak dinner with a side of greenbeans and what looks to be an egg?
Food There is a sandwich and lettuce on a plate
Person A man standing next to suitcases and bags.
Vehicle An single passanger in an airplane flying through the sky
Electronic Young girl sitting on a bench checking her cell phone.
Electronic a woman is sitting with an umbrella outside
Person One person on a skateboard does a jump while another watches.
Person A BOY IS OUT ON THE PARK FLYING A KITE
Food Two young boys sit at a table with pizza.
Sports The man is skiing down the snowy slopes.
Accessory A guy wearing a tie has his hands in his pockets. 
Vehicle A boat in the water full of people holding umbrellas.
Kitchen A bowl of food that looks like worms and some greens.
Person A person that is playing a video game.
Person Two people posing in funny hats for a camera
Outdoor A train that is on the tracks sitting in front of a bench.
Accessory A boat traveling down a narrow canal next to a forest.
Animal An elephant that is putting its trunk over a fence.
Person a kid is wearing a blanket on a coach
Furniture The girl with glasses is eating a slice of pizza.
Indoor A silver cup is holding scissors and tongs.
Food A sandwich on a plate with a side of fruit in a bowl and a fork lying next to it.
Furniture Two cats sleeping on a sofa inside a house.
Person two people riding skate boards on a hilly road
Person The little  girl is eating a banana.
Furniture The old stuff animal is on an old couch next to bottles.
Person An elephant with a chair on top of it and a man standing on a balcony. 
Furniture Look in the kitchen shows refrigerator, sink, tv and a microwave
Accessory There are many people on this field flying kites
Outdoor Tennis game on clay court, player waiting to respond from severing player.
Vehicle Two people and a dog are on a sailboat.
Person A cat looks at a person holding a bottle.
Person Bikes are being transported in a subway car.
Vehicle An old style green train moving along train tracks.
Vehicle Several commercial planes sit on a runway next to an airport.
Outdoor An adult giraffe standing near a white duck in a field of grass.
Person A small boy with a birthday hat on holding a tennis racket.
Furniture fish and broccoli plated neatly on a dish sitting on a table 
Sports A person that is jumping in the sky on a snowboard.
Animal A black cat licks a doughnut in front of a yellow toy.
Accessory A large group of people flying kites beside a body of water
Furniture A chair next to a table that has electronic items on it.
Animal an image of a cat sitting on top of the desk area
Outdoor The man is practicing his moves on his skateboard.
Kitchen A refrigerator with a variety of magnets and pictures on it.
Vehicle grainy image of two trains on tracks moving through a city
Food Two people with heavy winter coats are eating
Appliance a person standing next to a metal pot holder in a kitchen 
Outdoor A green and yellow train is driving on the track.
Kitchen The bathroom door is open with the light on.
Furniture The over ripe bananas are hanging from a stand.
Electronic Two women standing next to each other in a train station.
Accessory A man is sitting in a hospital room with a piece of pizza on a plate.
Vehicle a white yellow and blue train at an empty train station
Person A woman stirring a pot on the stove while holding a plate.
Accessory A white tent with a row of surfboards sitting under it.
Indoor a three story institution with trimmed hedges in front
Vehicle A picture of a public parking booth. 
Person A woman playing tennis throwing the ball in the air ready to serve it.
Vehicle A person on a motor bike on a road.
Person A man wearing a blue shirt catching a white frisbee.
Indoor Two people sitting down playing a video game
Furniture A pizza is topped with fine cheese and backed in a oven
Sports a boy dressed in a baseball uniform standing in a field. 
Food A man, his arm across the woman next to him, stands in a blandly colored kitchen area,  in front of a black-rimmed  window, next to a counter with a microwave, plates, with and without food, and wine bottles.  
Accessory A man eating food off of a plate 
Sports A person on a court near a fence.
Person A yellow and blue plant flying in a gray sky.
Animal a goose walking inside of a cafeteria area
Person The children are learning how to play tennis.
Food A man is being handed a birthday cake with lit candles.
Food A newlywed couple cutting a piece of wedding cake
Person A woman taking a picture on a sunny day. 
Vehicle A truck transports another tiny truck on its tow.
Furniture A man and woman are sitting together while the man eats with chopsticks.
Vehicle A large airplane flying in the blue sky.
Person Smoke is emanating from a train that is on a track that is curving.
Accessory A person is standing in the middle of a road while its raining.
Person some people in a kitchen preparing food on a counter
Furniture A living room with a unique looking carpet and a fire place. 
Person A man and a women walking under an umbrella.
Animal Three buffalo grazing on the side of the road.
Accessory The woman uses her cell phone near many others standing on the sidewalk.
Person A horse is pulling something down a residential street.
Sports The tennis player looks solemn holding his racket.
Person People climbing up the snowy mountain side on skis
Person A group of people ride horses on a sidewalk adjacent to trees. 
Animal Cow eating grass while a bull watches nearby
Person A tennis player anticipating the ball on the court.
Sports A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.
Person Man taking a photograph of himself eating a pizza slice
Accessory A woman holding a hot dog on the street.
Furniture A wooden table holding multiple beers and a plate of food with pizza on it.
Kitchen A group of people that are sitting around a table.
Person A man wearing a red hat and a suit and tie.
Appliance A mirror that is hanging above a sink.
Food a plate with a hot dog in a bun, macaroni and cheese and stuffing on it
Electronic A woman sitting on a bench with an umbrella on her head.
Accessory A pastry displayed on a wood table in a store setting.
Food A vegetable pizza on a plate on a table.
Kitchen a man is sitting in front of some food at a table
Indoor two stuffed animals a bear and a monkey
Furniture The woman in the diner and the man looking into the window are making eye contact.
Sports A tennis player wearing white holds out his tennis racket as a ball floats in the air near it.
Vehicle A person is bending over to pick something off the ground.
Furniture A bowl of Asian Cuisine with beef, noodles and broccoli.
Animal a clock that looks like an apple a penguin and a potted plant
Person Umbrellas are used as parasols to deter the sun on hot streets.
Animal An Elvis impersonator riding on top of a statue.
Food Two sandwhiches sitting on a pan with tin foil. 
Accessory Two kids sitting in a luggage cart together
Person A group of men that are on a field playing frisbee.
Food A pizza with tomatoes on it sitting on a table in a restaurant.
Person A city street filled with lots of traffic and lined with buildings.
Person Two women standing behind table with cupcakes, cake and a warmer
Person A man getting ready to swing at a tennis ball.
Vehicle Two girls and a boy have fun at soccer practice
Electronic Two women standing next to each other with one holding video game controllers.
Person Plastic toy hot dog and bun, on plastic plate.
Sports a woman is wearing a pink and black jacket is sking
Animal Two parrots sitting on a branch side by side 
Appliance A large white bathroom with two vanity sinks and a bathtub.
Food A small two tier wedding cake is embellished with red flowers, on a table with stemware artfully arranged. 
Animal A cat with its mouth opened sitting between some bikes.
Person Women and children are gathered around a blue cake.
Animal A man and his two cats sitting on the couch.
Accessory Man in business clothes sits on a chair with his hands crossed. 
Person A man is taking a picture of his food
Furniture A white plate containing various pastries on a wooden table.
Food a man is sitting in front of some food at a table
Indoor A cat sits on a computer desk next to a keyboard.
Person A street that has all the traffic stopped at a traffic light.
Person A trio of men in baseball uniforms posing for a picture.
Electronic A woman playing a Wii game with other people.
Accessory The backsides of people as they wait for a train coming in to the station.
Electronic A person talking on a phone with a tree in the foreground.
Kitchen a table that has a bowl of food and a cup on it
Kitchen a round outdoor courtyard table with a hotdog and a bag of chips on it.
Animal a couple of zebras standing together and eating
Indoor A group of Halloween Jack o' lantern sitting on a floor with flowers and paper cut outs. 
Person a man that is on a surfboard in water
Person a homeless man holding a cup and standing next to a shopping cart on a street
Furniture SMALL BATHROOM WITH COMMODE, STAND UP SHOWER, AND SMALL SINK
Person A small baby is holding a white and blue toothbrush.
Food Intricate cake with a saying and cell phone stuck in it.
Outdoor A man waits in an airport terminal as planes take-off.
Sports A person in a black snow suit on a pair of skis in the snow. 
Vehicle The school bus is colored yellow and pink.
Furniture A group of people pose for a picture at the table
Furniture An older man is wearing a funny hat in his dining room.
Furniture PASSENGER TRAIN IN THE NIGHT HOURS WITH NO SMOKING SIGN, AND TWO WOMEN
Vehicle People flying kites in a park on a windy day.
Accessory A group of people sitting on a bench near a lake.
Person A man wearing an apron peering into the bottom of an open fridge
Accessory People use rickshaws to transport luggage down the street.
Vehicle A row of wooden benches sitting on the side of a road.
Outdoor A man slices meat in his kitchen while his dog begs from the floor.
Vehicle A man and a woman stand under an umbrella at a street crossing on a rainy day.
Vehicle a man is standing next to a motorcycle outside
Accessory A lady is riding her bike and approaching the huge castle like building. 
Electronic A white Wii component with two buttons and four lights.
Person A baseball player throws the ball to his team mate as they try to get another player out.
Person two arms typing on a laptop and one hand on a mouse
Indoor A woman sitting cross legged in a living room area
Person Several people engaged in para-sailing on a lake.
Indoor A cup of coffee, cell phone and scissor sitting on a desk.
Vehicle A passanger train stopped to pick up passangers at a station.
Electronic A woman in white mans the camera that is recording the meeting.
Furniture A sausage on italian roll sandwich, cut in half, is on a white plate, with a garnish.
Animal Two parrots perching on a tree branch in a tropical garden.
Sports A person is surfing in a wave pool.
Kitchen there are two birds standing on the plate of food
Person A television and some books in a room.
Appliance A modern home kitchen and sitting area looking out towards the back yard
Sports An older man downhill skiing down a slope.
Person A photo of a man doing a trick on his skateboard.
Kitchen A thick crust cut pizza on a plate with wine by its side.
Food This is a clear bowl that is filled with oranges. 
Outdoor a yellow and green train, at stop lights.
Animal A small bird perched on a piece of wood.
Person A bus that is driving down the road.
Sports A black and white photo of a man doing a trick on his skateboard.
Outdoor A tram like bus in a parking lot 
Furniture A bathroom has a shower, sink, and toilet in it.
Sports A woman wearing a red tennis outfit holding onto a racquet.
Electronic A young gir holding a child with a boy standing next to them
Kitchen A couple of slices of pizza and a glass of drink.
Accessory a bunch of people on motor scooters riding on a street 
Person A person is sitting next to a brown table. 
Outdoor A parking meter that is placed right next to a parking lot.
Person A woman sitting at a table in front of her pizza. 
Sports A woman with a stick hitting something red and blurry in the air indoors.
Animal A cat looking directly into a magnifying glass on a table.
Person A group of people, some in leftover US army clothing, sit at tables in a large dining room.
Food a person walking on a street talking on a cell phone
Vehicle  A motorcycle parked in front of a crowd of people.
Animal A cat idly looks by on top of a sink
Electronic A man holding a tv remote and wii controller.
Vehicle some people a trash can and a stop and go light
Accessory Computer desk with laptop open on it with pictures on wall
Kitchen two cups filled with veggies and nuts 
Person Little girl holding up a big stuffed animal with other children in background.
Vehicle A group of people riding motorcycles in the woods.
Kitchen Two sausage patties, carrots and potatoes on a plate with a fork.
Person two tennis players in blue shirts playing tennis
Person A person riding a bicycle on a deserted street.
Accessory some people are walking in front of a tall building
Indoor Two computer monitors are placed beside each other on a desk.
Person A bride and a man wearing a suit holding an umbrella for the bride. 
Furniture a bed that looks like it has blood on it and a big hole in the paneling 
Vehicle A little boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike.
Indoor Stuffed toy bear sitting on dashboard of motor vehicle.
Vehicle Numerous parking meters along the side of a street.
Person a couple skiers going down the snowy hill
Sports Man flying kite in open field near RV park.
Appliance A picture of a restaurant interior is taken through a fish-eye lens.
Outdoor They'll probably tow your car if you don't pay for parking.
Food The vegetables are cooking in the skillet on the stove.
Person Children at a birthday party sitting at a picnic table.
Vehicle A man who is playing tennis on a tennis court.
Person A group of people sitting around a table having a meal.
Accessory A group of people with a man in the background with a stick.
Food An partially eaten apply and a cell phone set on a table.
Furniture A view of a bunch of pizzas sitting on a table.
Sports Two snowboarders riding down a hill in a snowy forest.
Person Cars, truck and a bus stopped at a red light.
Person Several rows of cooking hot dogs on a grill.
Outdoor An elderly woman sitting on the bench resting.  
Furniture The table has meat and donuts sitting on it.
Food The dark wood and marble pillars give this living space a warm feel. 
Vehicle A person is riding on a skateboard on the street.
Furniture A large living room with a wall painted green
Person Two men at a table with ties sitting near a laptop.
Animal Close together group of white, beige, and brown sheep, from the rear, standing in grass at fence gate.
Person A man in the ocean with a dog on a surfboard.
Indoor Bathroom scene showing a television and a hair dryer.
Furniture A toilet sits in a small bathroom with a tile floor.
Person a close up of a hot dog on a table 
Furniture There are two refrigerators in this dirty, rundown kitchen. 
Person pizza missing one slice on wooden serving tray
Animal Cat wedged between two large oak doors trying to get out.
Sports A dog in the grass catching a frisbee.
Person A man wearing a hat and a gray jacket.
Animal A group of dogs running across a lush green field.
Person a table with many plates of food on top
Animal a dog eating toilet paper from the toilet paper holder
Accessory A street going trough the center of a small town.
Vehicle A man and woman sit on benches with a small child.
Person a group of people with skiis standing next to each other 
Vehicle A train traveling down tracks near a train station.
Sports a tennis player swings his tennis racket 
Vehicle A military jet taking off into the sky 
Outdoor some cars a red bus and a blue bus
Electronic A close up of a cell phone, scissors and a cup.
Vehicle a collage of a skateboarders trick on his skateboard
Indoor a family room with a couch and a tv
Appliance A couple of stools are in front of a kitchen bar
Animal a small bird with brown feathers sitting on a branch next to a green leaf
Animal Two brown ponies in grassy field next to a fence.
Kitchen Bathroom scene showing a television and a hair dryer.
Electronic Car with window down and dog sticking out while taking pictures
Accessory A man wearing a shirt and a pixilated looking neck tie.
Kitchen A child on a counter by a plate of fires.
Person This is a picture of a boy with his skateboard.
Accessory A bunch of suitcases that are on a cart.
Sports 4 different colored sea horses flying with 4 birds.
Furniture a group of people listening to music or possible playing video games
Accessory A large, white cow walking through the streets of a small town
Person Two beautiful young women baking a turkey in a pan..
Kitchen a tray of food on a wooden table
Person A person's hand is wrapped around the head of a puppy.
Furniture A blurry photo of a girl concentrating next to what seems like party goers.
Indoor There are two stuffed bears and one of them is wearing a shirt. 
Furniture Four children sit eating birthday cake at a picnic table.
Kitchen The sandwich on the table is ready to be eaten. 
Vehicle A group of people riding on top of a train.
Indoor A pole that has a clock on the top of it.
Person A man on a snowboard in the snow.
Person A skier in a blue and white outfit
Food some people in a kitchen preparing food on a counter
Person People playing doubles tennis on a bright sunny day.
Sports A boy is throwing a frisbee outside a building.
Animal A big, white seagull flies over a beach.
Sports A female tennis player jumping to hit a ball.
Furniture Red flowers sitting in a vase with a red wall behind them. 
Sports A young baseball player stands at the plate, in motion to hit an oncoming ball. 
Person A street with a motorcycle, bus and cars travelling on it. 
Vehicle A kid skateboarding while other kids stand and watch.
Accessory a full sized mirror reflecting a man sitting at a desk 
Person An elderly woman is seated at a table with a small cake in front of her.
Animal three giraffes banding down to drink water with trees in the background
Animal Couple of sheep relaxing in a fielder brown
Person A person in the heavy snow on a snowboard.
Vehicle A white fire hydrant on the sidewalk by a car.
Outdoor A woman sitting on a wooden bench viewing some beautiful trees.
Person Two people carrying a kite to be flown later.
Accessory A man who is lifting up a piece of luggage.
Animal two elephants standing in some bushes beside a trail 
Furniture A young girl watches a laptop on a bed. 
Appliance The woman is placing a turkey into a black pan.
Outdoor A woman sits on a bench watching the park.
Furniture There is a tray filled with sauce covered food
Furniture A cat perches on a desk in a bedroom.
Vehicle a train stopped at a train station with individuals walking alongside the train. 
Kitchen A white plate with a slice of cake on top of it.
Appliance A kitchen with two sinks, a counter, detergent, a stove and a refrigerator in it.
Sports A man is walking in skies in the snow
Furniture A very cute looking small dog by some food.
Accessory A purple and white bus driving down a street.
Furniture A dog sits on top of a mess of items.
Vehicle a photo of a window with an atm inside sign
Person A man in an armor riding a horse in front of spectators.
Sports A man hitting a tennis ball during a tennis match.
Furniture A single bed sits on a wood floor surrounded by partially-filled bottles of colored liquid.
Person Bearded man shows off his grilled cheese sandwiches.
Vehicle Two signs are displayed on a street light.
Vehicle A man on a motor bike riding down the street.
Food a close up of a pizza with several toppings 
Food A man is holding a bunch of bananas.
Vehicle A sign post with an electric traffic signal attached.
Kitchen A man in a tropical print shirt with glasses and long hair is eating a banana.
Sports A tennis player poses, racket in his right hand, left arm behind him.
Indoor Black and white, looking up the side of a building, with a clock and with rows of windows.
Person A large clock tower sitting in the middle of a paved walkway.
Furniture  A array of food consisting of soup, sandwich and dinner rolls
Appliance A sink and mirror in a very small bathroom.
Food Carrots are sitting on the stand outside in a bunch
Accessory Three boys jumping in the air while wearing ties.
Outdoor A city street lined with parked cars at night.
Outdoor A group of dogs running across a lush green field.
Person A family sits around a wooden table talking and eating in a restaurant.
Kitchen An old fashioned kitchen with the light on. 
Sports A boy hangs up paper kites on a string. 
Sports The expert surfer is trying to also parasail. 
Furniture An athlete wiping sweat from his brow with his shirt.
Person This is two birds pecking at the remnants of a burger at an outdoor restaurant.
Furniture A plate of chicken and vegetables sits next to a bowl of rice. 
Indoor A stack of books sit on a desk next to a bottle of beer.
Vehicle A double decker passenger bus with advertising for a technology product.
Outdoor A yellow oblong upside down triangular street sign stands in the middle of the street. 
Person Some people standing on a dark street with an umbrella.
Furniture A variety of shops and stores on a busy city street.
Person Someone is holding a pick cellular flip phone. 
Sports a baseball player is on the mound with a ball
Animal The cat sits directly in front of the television.
Indoor A little girl plays at changing her teddy bear's diaper.
Indoor A Christmas tree with lights and teddy bear
Person A group of men and women operating a juicing machine. 
Person A woman leading a horse through an exercise yard.
Food Two slices of chicken pizza on a plate.
Food A woman in glasses sitting behind a sheet cake.
Indoor The old kitchen and the table in it are furnished from wood.
Electronic A sandwich on a plate with three slices of bread, tomatoes and chips on the side. 
Electronic A home office with two computers and a picture.
Outdoor Street traffic, view of an Alamo Bus, a Gold Coast Tour bus and several cars.
Indoor View of two desks with chairs next to a fireplace in an old style living room.
Kitchen A table has a camera, cup, and a plate with a sandwich on it.
Person A little girl sitting on a man's lap in an old photograph.
Indoor tHERE ARE SEVERAL STUFFED ANIMALS TOGETHER ON A BED
Kitchen A modern kitchen and with snacks set on the table.
Furniture A closeup of a pizza with lettuce and bacon.
Vehicle Two young men riding skateboards on a street next to a graffiti covered wall.
Furniture A small toy sits on a plate with pizza and crusts.
Furniture An image of a hotel bathroom that is ugly.
Furniture A dog sitting between its masters feet on a footstool watching tv
Person A woman is standing in the snow wearing a pair of skis.
Electronic A man taking a selfie while brushing his teeth and looking in the mirror 
Kitchen A little kid that is on the phone and computer.
Indoor A studio apartment with balloons marking clues to find.   
Vehicle The man is the sport jacket is holding a racket.
Furniture Man on steps with tray of grilled hot dogs on buns. 
Kitchen A couple of men and one young man eating pizza.
Person A person on skis making a cross in the air
Person A picture of a horse taken through a circular window
Animal A giraffe is walking in some tall grass
Accessory A group of people gathered around a table outdoors having a meeting.
Accessory A man wearing a cat and sunglasses with a red neck tie.
Person A black bomb squad truck driving down a  road.
Kitchen A laptop sitting next to a monitor, keyboard and a mouse.
Animal A bear and cub on a marble display.
Furniture A cat and dog on wooden floor next to a stairwell.
Furniture Men playing games on a table in the park.
Outdoor Woman skier taking a break and enjoying a snack
Person A woman holding a red and white umbrella while standing in a cave.
Food A skillet on a stove with vegetables in it 
Vehicle A young boy playing in a living room with a large window.
Sports Two friends throwing a frisbee on a sandy lot.
Sports A girl with a tattoo smiles while holding a racket.
Food A little girl eating a slice of pizza in a room.
Animal A man holding a baby whose petting a horse.
Sports A female tennis player on the court serving a ball.
Food A small black and orange bird is perched on a table with banana peels in it.
Sports A surfer falls off of his board at a beach.
Furniture A baby girl chews on a stick with a teddy bear in hand.
Electronic Several children are seated in a row and holding electronic keyboards.
Accessory THERE IS A WOMAN WALKING THE SIDE WALK
Vehicle A black and white motorcycle parked on the sidewalk outside a store.
Animal A gray and white cat standing on a lush green field.
Furniture A dish of food and a drink sitting on a table.
Kitchen A tray with carrots, peas, rice, and a hard boiled egg.
Animal A group of people sit underneath umbrellas on the beach.
Sports THERE ARE PEOPLE PLAYING A SOCCER GAME ON THE FIELD
Outdoor Several cars parked along the side of a street next to a street sign.
Kitchen A guy taking a picture of a very big pizza.
Furniture A couple sitting on a couch holding Wii remotes.
Person People crossing a street in front of a taxi and tour bus.
Person A skier in the snow in a wooded area.
Animal A black and brown doberman carries a frisbee.
Accessory A vintage photo of a man with curly hair and a mustache.
Person A tennis player getting ready to play a game.
Outdoor a protest showing people to stop murder on the road
Kitchen An abandoned refrigerator next to a building with a window.
Electronic A dog has it's face on a laptop computer.
Sports A boy with a baseball bat in the ground.
Indoor A woman holding a book about the topic fun.
Kitchen A served tray filled with smaller plates of food
Kitchen A large black and beige cat stands near a television.
Food Broccoli and cauliflower florets cut into small pieces and spread around.
Sports A dog is sitting on a couch with a ball and two cushions in back.
Animal Three zebra standing next to each other on a dirt ground.
Animal A brown cat is curled up on some bed sheets.
Person Two women sitting on a bench in the park.
Person Soigo'd is soccer player number 8 preparing to kick a soccer ball.
Person A train sits running in a modern station.
Furniture The basketball game is played by teams in white or blue uniforms.
Person Two women are watching some goats get tie down.
Person An elephant that is putting its trunk over a fence.
Sports A woman and kids on a beach with a large rocky area in background.
Vehicle A train passes on a bridge atop a street.
Vehicle a red and white bus and some cars in the rain
Outdoor A green traffic light hovering over a street.
Sports Three people in black shirts playing with a white frisbee.
Furniture A group of people at a table working on small laptops.
Electronic A woman sitting at a table topped with pizza.
Food there is a man wearing glasses and eating a donut
Person A computer desk with two monitors and a laptop.
Furniture A row of various types of chairs and umbrella with a bridge in the background.
Animal A giraffe in a pen at a zoo
Accessory a group of people sit at a table eating
Kitchen a nice couple cutting the cake besides many people
Sports A person walking along the beach with a surfboard.
Indoor Two men playing a video game in the house. 
Sports a profession baseball player holding a bat 
Kitchen a professional pitcher on the mound getting ready to throw the ball
Kitchen A desk area with several computer screens and coffee mugs.
Animal A person is riding a horse by the water
Person A person with skis in the air on snow covered mountains. 
Person A young man in a suit and tie with a beer in his hand.
Animal a dark gray kitty laying on a desk  
Kitchen The diners are enjoying their filled  beef sandwiches,
Sports A man riding on the back of a surfboard next to kids.
Outdoor some baseballs players watching a batter at home plate 
Accessory People are wearing helmets standing next to bikes in the woods.
Electronic A kitchen with a table and four chairs.
Person a man looking at a round ball in front of him 
Accessory A person walking while carrying a rainbow umbrella
Person a group of people on a beach with buildings in the background and surfboards in the  foreground
Person A hand is holding a carrot for a llama to chew. 
Accessory A person on a park bench sits and waits.
Animal A cat peeking it's head out of the blankets.
Animal Three zebras standing next to each other in a meadow with other zebras visible behind them
Animal Two giraffe and a zebra are standing in a field.
Accessory An elephant statue with an opening of various drawings on it.
Furniture A boy sipping a milk bottle while lying on a bed.
Appliance A bathroom sink sitting above a trash can.
Electronic A desk with a laptop and jars and candles.
Vehicle Three men are next to a car and a boat.
Person A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.
Person A young man balances himself as he tilts his skateboard up at the edge of an obstacle.
Furniture Adults working in open office setting at desks.
Animal A cat sits on the edge of a toilet.
Indoor a man in glasses with a gown seated on a table
Person Batter taking swing at ball at home plate during sanctioned game.
Furniture A person holds a smartphone taking a picture of a bottle and glasses on the table
Sports A large and over-sized stuffed teddy bear sitting in a chair.
Sports A man getting ready to catch a baseball.
Person some ball players are looking home plate and talking
Sports A pool with two people inside is shown.
Animal A dog having his teeth brushed with a novelty electric toothbrush.
Person The food cart is right outside the arena,
Accessory A group of students are posing for a class picture. 
Indoor A stuffed animal sits atop a barbed wire fence.
Kitchen A couple of computer monitors sitting on top of a wooden desk.
Electronic Somebody left a lap top plugged into the wall on a bench. 
Vehicle there is a young girl sitting at a table eating
Animal Two cattle are standing by the side of the road
Furniture A couple of food trucks parked in a parking lot.
Sports A man on skis sliding down a snowy mountain.
Furniture A group of people wading around a large body of water.
Person An old train is making its way through the city.
Sports A boy on a skateboard at a skate park at night.
Appliance The dog was standing in the bathroom near the sink and toilet.
Food The sandwich features a large portion of meat.
Electronic a desktop setup with a laptop and two monitors
Person A woman is leaving a building in a city.
Animal An orange and white cat laying on top of a bag of luggage.
Appliance a work room that looks like a dry cleaners 
Animal A cat is wearing a tie and sitting on some clothes.
Person A little girl shows her stuffed bear how to use the bathroom.
Indoor A teddy bear sitting on a blue chair.
Person a man is holding a plate and smiling happily
Food a plate that has some cut up vegetables on it
Furniture A cat laying down on a blue comforter with pink sheets.
Food A man holding a white frisbee in his right hand.
Sports Children and an adult on a tennis court. 
Animal a dog jumping to catch a frisbee in a yard
Furniture An order of food sits on a table.
Food A lot of food that are in some baskets.
Furniture A photo of a table at a nice restaurant with glasses of wine.
Person Three women are standing outside of Chiquita Banana.
Person A town square that has a skateboarding ramp that a boy is using.
Electronic a couple of couches in a living room
Person A girl is sleeping in a bed with the light on.
Food Two military personnel cutting and serving cake. 
Person A man in a clown suit is stepping off a trolley.
Outdoor A traffic light suspended over a rural road.
Furniture The workers are working at their computers at their desks.
Sports Blurry shot of batter and catcher in game of baseball.
Outdoor A man performs a jump on a skateboard at a skate park.
Kitchen A room with a t.v. and other bedroom items and accessories in it. 
Indoor A kitchen filled with metal appliances and a window.
Furniture Three people search their cell phones while sitting at a table.
Person A man riding a wave on top of a yellow surfboard.
Vehicle a bunch of motorcycles that are in the middle of street
Sports The ump and baseball players on the field.
Animal A black and white picture of three elephants
Appliance A woman laying on a bathroom floor next to a toilet.
Accessory A bunch of different colored umbrellas on tables.
Food The teen group is serving pizza and drinks to the younger children.
Accessory Man and son standing on the beach side with a self assembled kite.
Appliance a dirty fridge standing in the middle of a patio 
Person A man in a red Santa hat and a dog pose in front of a Christmas tree.
Electronic A young woman standing in the kitchen pours from a large measuring cup.
Accessory The woman lies next to a man on the beach under an umbrella.
Electronic A laptop sitting on plastic blocks with some toy people.
Sports A man with long hair wearing a red suit surfing. 
Indoor There is a clock right outside of the tall building.
Furniture a white pillow white sheets and an orange and tan bedspread
Person A baby sitting in between to large stuffed animals.
Outdoor A train approaching a railroad crossing during the day.
Person A man hitting a tennis ball with a bat.
Appliance SMALL BATHROOM WITH COMMODE, STAND UP SHOWER, AND SMALL SINK
Food A banana and donut in a sandwich bag.
Sports A person on a skateboard and bike at a skate park.
Accessory People are walking in the street while holding umbrellas.
Sports A ski resort with a bunch of people skiing down hill and going up hill.
Outdoor A red stop sign in front of a blue truck.
Furniture A woman sits in one of the easy chairs in the big living room. 
Electronic Two guys standing in a room with remotes.
Person The man is practicing his moves on his skateboard.
Accessory A man waits in an airport terminal as planes take-off.
Animal These giraffes are feeding on hanging plants in a tree
Kitchen A bathroom sink and counter with rose petals and a candle.
Sports A hitter that just swung his bat in a baseball game.
Person An hand pets a cat in a suitcase.  
Vehicle Commuter train on tracks that set above the city.
Indoor A man dressed as an animal reading to adults and children in a library
Outdoor A cat looking in a door from the outside 
Person A man holds a tennis racket on a tennis court.
Furniture A bedroom with a large bed sitting next to a black dresser.
Furniture A table topped with three trays filled with cakes and desserts.
Vehicle A dusky evening with a green street light shining.
Sports Several para-gliders can be seen in the blue sky. 
Animal A bed and comforter with three different cats sitting and laying down on the bed.
Vehicle Two little children on stroller in a parking lot.
Vehicle A person walking down a street while holding an umbrella.
Animal three dogs on a field of green grass
Person A group of people walking down a mountain road.
Electronic A television is reflected from a bathroom mirror.
Person cars parked on the side of the road while people eat at tables outside
Person A cat climbing on top of a shelf with a tv
Accessory SIX PEOPLE ON A BUS, WITH FIVE OF THEM ON THEIR ELECTRONICS
Sports After a long day surfing, this couple walks down the shoreline.
Indoor A grandfather clock marks an elegant starting position for visiting shops.
Outdoor Cars and trucks stopped at an intersection at twilight.
Accessory A man holding a frisbee in a parking lot near water. 
Furniture Three remotes sitting on top of a mattress.
Furniture A patio table with two dinner plates of food and two bowls of salad.
Animal Some cute elephants gathered together by the water.
Vehicle A man walks a dog past rows of chairs outside a store.
Person A man riding skis down the slide of a snow covered slope.
Vehicle There is a person flying a kite on the beach.
Accessory A blue piece of luggage sitting up against the side of a building.
Person A grey and orange fire hydrant next to a street.
Person a man is on a court with a tennis racket
Kitchen A woman sitting at a table with two pizzas and a plate on it.
Appliance A man is bent over opening an oven.
Outdoor A horse drawn carriage is near a fire hydrant by a curb.
Indoor A colorful umbrella in the center of a black and white picture of a busy city side walk.
Person Several pictures of Asian style dishes and in the middle a person is eating.
Furniture Several students sit at a conference table with their laptops.
Vehicle A blue bus driving down a city street.
Kitchen A pan  filled with mystery goo next to another pan.
Person three people are standing under the arch for a ski race
Indoor A mirror that is hanging above a sink.
Vehicle A train station with people standing on a platform beside a train. 
Electronic A poster of a bald man in a room with a desktop computer.
Person And antique red car is positioned in front of an airplane. 
Vehicle woman standing with backpacks on platform with train 
Animal A brown elephant is walking along the grass.
Accessory A cat wearing a tie on some cloths.
Indoor A clock with a light in a clock tower at dusk.
Accessory A group of women playing video games together
Vehicle Several people holding umbrella's riding in a boat.
Person Dog wearing blue vest catching red flying disc at outdoor event.
Person A man standing in a hallway with an umbrella and rain coming down.
Furniture Two friends are sitting on the couch, enjoying a game played on the wii.
Kitchen A table covered in different kinds of baked goods and fruit.
Food A blue plate filled with marshmallows, chocolate chips and banana.
Indoor Scissors and other utensils in a cup sitting on a desk. 
Person A person walks on the beach, carrying a surf board.
Electronic Some control buttons on an orange and silver electronic device.
Sports There is a person flying a kite on the beach.
Vehicle a truck on a street with hay in the back
Person a person riding a motorcycle on a city road with a sky background
Vehicle A commercial plane on the strip to take off.
Animal A man is riding a horse in an open field.
Animal Two bears walking together in the night. 
Electronic A women with several piercings looking at her cell phone.
Vehicle Two young men skate down an urban road.
Sports a man out in the water next to his surfboard watching some kites
Sports a male tennis player in white shorts is playing tennis
Person A picture of two people playing a video game.
Vehicle Children at a birthday party sitting at a picnic table.
Animal Woman with surfboard getting kisses from dog at waters edge.
Indoor A man looking down at a baseball bat that he is holding in his hands 
Furniture A large pizza on a white plate sitting on a blue table.
Vehicle many kites with different shapes all laying on the ground
Animal A large dog tied to a yellow fire hydrant.
Person A woman in a wheelchair holding a tennis racquet.
Kitchen The plate has a banana being sliced near cookies.
Vehicle A yellow and blue train is next to an overhang.
Kitchen Two plates both have food next to a bottle of Wine. 
Person A soccer player is about to kick a soccer ball
Kitchen A man standing next to a woman near a cake.
Person a white horse pulling a carriage with a man on it.
Food A small bunny character is on a plate of pizza.
Furniture a large pizza is on a white plate
Vehicle River down the middle of a city with many parked boats.
Electronic People gathered taking pictures with a cell phone.
Animal A group of elephants being cleaned by their handlers in a river.
Furniture A woman sitting in a chair with a plate of food on her lap.
Furniture A group if children having a snack at their desks while a group of adults in suits visits them. 
Animal A cat crouched over sitting by a brick wall.
Person A tennis player shows controlled excitement while a crowd watches.
Food A pizza sitting on top of a white plate next to a glass of beer.
Person A woman poses on front of a large pizza
Food The fruit are arranges on the surface in a brown wicker basket.
Electronic A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer.
Person A woman sitting on a wooden bench on a wall.
Electronic A tv on a tv stand in a room at Christmas time 
Indoor There is a kitchen with black counters and appliances.
Sports A smiling surfer standing on the beach with his board
Animal Giraffes in a stand of trees stare in the same direction.
Outdoor A bench at the beach next to the sea
Furniture A lady is sitting on a bench barefooted while using her phone.
Furniture A cake shaped like a teddy bear sits on a platter.
Accessory two people standing near a motorcycle on the grass
Electronic A laptop computer with a laptop keyboard on top of it.
Person A red fire hydrant is next to a public water fountain.
Person A man taking a selfie while eating pizza.
Vehicle The large machinery sits on the opposite side of the fence from the highway sign.
Electronic A living room with a couch table and opening to another room.
Person a couple of trains are on the tracks
Vehicle A truck driving down the middle of a street next to a crowd of people.
Sports A crowd of people watching an indoor tennis match.
Animal A herd of giraffe walking along a dirt road.
Animal brown horse in green field with trees and fence
Indoor A gold clock with ornate iron hands keeps time on a large clock with roman numerals.
Accessory A BLACK AND WHITE PICTURE OF A PERSONA ND A UMBRELLA
Sports The person is doing tricks on the water skiing. 
Electronic A very busy woman working on her computer.
Person A young man kneeling down while riding skis.
Kitchen A child sitting down in front of a bowl.
Animal A large dogs comfortably sleeping on someones bed
Indoor a collection of various food pictures mostly of desert type items
Animal A clothes line with clothes hanging from it and cattle in the background 
Accessory A dirt bike parked near a tent in the woods.
Electronic A person sitting next to a laptop in a dark room.
Person A woman looking in the compartment of a moped.
Furniture A dog lying on a chair with a dress shoe.
Person A little girl that is standing with an umbrella.
Food A woman is preparing a sandwich on a paper plate.
Furniture Two pieces of luggage sitting near a dresser and laptop.
Accessory There are two people dressed up in formal attire
Furniture Two sandwiches and some spam on a table.
Vehicle A group of men standing near a vehicle and planes.
Animal A dog anchored to a fire hydrant by his leash.
Sports People on a tennis court are playing tennis. 
Outdoor A red fire hydrant is on the sidewalk next to a sign.
Furniture Small certain was child eating donuts off a blue plate. 
Person The expert surfer is trying to also parasail. 
Animal A cat laying down in a bathroom sink. 
Indoor A small bird sitting on top of an open book.
Animal An adult is cooking at the kitchen counter near a baby and a dog.
Kitchen A hot dog in a bun is topped with mustard.
Vehicle A large orange double decker bus parked in a parking lot.
Indoor A pair of scissors sitting on top of a table.
Vehicle Yellow box truck parked on busy street in city.
Person A person on her cell phone in a large crowd of people.
Kitchen A group of women in kitchen next to pot.
Food Grilled chicken on a plate with spinach, broccoli, zucchini, and carrots. 
Animal A giraffe standing next to a  bamboo building.
Kitchen A tray on a bed with food and drink.
Person A red train parked under a sheltered station area.
Kitchen a person that is sitting down with a plate of food
Person A worker tends to large figures placed in oversized beds. 
Indoor a young girl is getting her temperature taken 
Sports a person standing snow wearing a snow suit and skis
Food A close up image of a half onion and mushroom pizza. 
Kitchen A giant pizza sitting on top of a large cutting board.
Sports People skateboard around a skate park near rails. 
Person A large long train on a steel track.
Sports Two people with snow gear on, carrying equipment.
Electronic A man holds a controller and keyboard with his hands
Vehicle Many decorated kites, including Batman, are scattered around. 
Person A bus traveling down the road at night
Food The two toasted sandwich halves are next to a side of cole slaw.
Person A man serving a neon green tennis ball.
Indoor Someone is online inside the slightly crowded restaurant.
Indoor A card board box with a brown teddy bear and items in it outside on a curb.
Kitchen Old fashion like furniture are sitting near a table in a room. 
Accessory A busy bus station with ramp going downstairs.
Furniture A hotel room with two beds side by side  .
Animal An elephant with red on it's face in the water. 
Person Young boys in the gym holding tennis rackets
Electronic a girl is sitting on a bicycle outside
Sports A group of people play a game of baseball in a field. 
Sports A man is hitting a baseball with a baseball bat.
Kitchen two gray white and brown birds a knife and a red table
Kitchen A full view of a classroom with students and politicians.
Animal A dog is chewing on a soccer ball.
Food A plate is filled with broccoli and noodles.
Vehicle A double decker bus with neon lights at night.
Sports A person snowboarding outside while the sun is setting . 
Indoor a room that has a lady with a remote in hand
Kitchen A dog sitting on a couch and a cat on the floor of a living room.
Vehicle Railway cars in large yard with many power poles.
Furniture A view of a bathroom that is clean.
Sports The batter is going to hit the ball in the baseball game. 
Vehicle A colorful train sits on the tracks in the sunshine.
Person some players are playing frisbee on a grass field
Kitchen A large brown cow standing in the middle of a flock of birds.
Animal A dog pants next to a bowl of water on the ground
Person A group of three people sitting next to each other on a cement wall.
Vehicle A stop light in the middle of a small town. 
Person A woman holding a baseball bat having her photo taken
Person A man is in a kitchen making pizzas.
Accessory Two boys are looking at the bakery goods on display.
Person there is a young girl playing with soccer balls
Vehicle A wall covered in graffiti next to a sidewalk.
Person a male with a purple jacket on skies  posing for a picture
Accessory A baseball player grabbing a bat, in a game.
Person Two hands cut into a cake with fruit on top of it. 
Indoor A bunch of flowers that are sitting in a vase.
Person Two guys plays an outdoor game with each other.
Animal A cat sitting on top of a black leather chair.
Vehicle The two airplanes are in the air next to eachother
Furniture A woman sitting at a table topped with pizza.
Kitchen A man resting on a couch with two different colored cats.
Accessory A woman twirling a floral print parasol umbrella.
Person A man is helping an athlete on a sport field.
Furniture A woman getting ready to eat a pizza on the table.
Electronic a phone that is sitting on a blue blanket
Kitchen an image of man having lunch with kids
Sports A man on a skateboard on a ramp in front of spectators.  
Person Two women in glasses using Nintendo wii remote controllers.
Animal A black and white photo of a man working a field with a team of horses.
Outdoor Man on park bench surrounded by some pigeons.
Vehicle A blue and white surfboard resting against a wheelbarrow in a backyard.
Person A man and a child in the kitchen with two cakes.
Person A lady her children with a kite on the beach
Person Three men are walking near passing trucks and cars.
Sports Man swinging tennis racket while group of people watches
Vehicle A boy is skateboarding on a pole at a park.
Vehicle there is a red fire hydrant with a chain that is attached to it
Accessory some luggage and a back back sitting on teh ground next to a lap top
Vehicle two men wearing hats standing next to each other
Food A person sitting on the floor near a plate of donuts.
Person a man using his laptop while his cat looks at the screen
Sports A group of surfers ride waves in the ocean.
Sports some Asian women are playing baseball in a store
Vehicle A bus traveling on a road next to cars with building in background.
Indoor An old ad is showing a retro kitchen.
Person A hotdog completely loaded with onions and leaves
Accessory Two double-decker buses going in opposite directions on a road.
Vehicle a double decker bus with a giant iPod advertisement plastered over the entire bus
Furniture A man sleeps on a pillow with a blanket. 
Person A little boy with a red baseball cap playing tennis. 
Animal Three big horn sheep are in an enclosed pasture. 
Vehicle A motorcycle is parked on a gravel road in a forest by a stream.
Kitchen A type of pizza made at home sitting on a counter top.
Furniture An older woman sitting at a table with a cake
Electronic A cat sitting on the floor watching a television.
Kitchen A breakfast was delivered to a hotel room on a tray.
Indoor A woman and baby at a train platform.
Person A blue corner sink with a man reflected in the above mirrors.
Person A woman talking on a cell phone while holding luggage.
Animal A large black cat sits by the front door.
Person A young lady is playing a baseball bat game. 
Vehicle Two buses parked in a parking lot next to cars.
Vehicle A library bus outside of an apartment building
Accessory a wall has many different clocks on display
Animal there is a cat that is sitting in front of a tv
Vehicle An airplane is flying high in the cloudy sky 
Appliance A bathroom with a sink, mirror, and toilet with handicap rail.
Kitchen A small desk with lamp, phone, and laptop on it.
Animal A woman wearing a blue coat holds a furry animal in her arms
Electronic Two computer monitors behind a keyboard and mouse.
Vehicle a white bird is flying over a beach
Person A remote is sitting on a tabletop in clear view of the television.
Electronic Blurry photo of a young man playing a video game.
Person People standing behind bales of straw as a protection from motorcycles on a track.
Electronic A group of young children sitting around a long table.
Outdoor A train going down the track near a city
Animal Two zebras graze on grass inside of an enclosure. 
Electronic Two people holding wii remote controls in a living room.
Electronic Two women sitting on ledge looking at a cellphone.
Sports Filtered photograph of a boy on a skateboard.
Appliance A single basin bathroom sink with a granite vanity.
Animal A ewe and her kid in a field.
Sports A beach dock area lined with boats, and a small shack with a scooter and small cart near it.
Person a couple of men feed some sheep 
Vehicle a person walking pulling a bike next to him
Accessory A girl taking a swing at a baseball during a game.
Person Black and white photograph of a man playing soccer.
Person A plate with an ice cream dessert on it 
Person A tennis player wearing white holds out his tennis racket as a ball floats in the air near it.
Kitchen Two young girls are cooking green beans on the stove.
Indoor a man pets a cat over a bag 
Animal Group of men spectating a cluster of pigs at fair.
Person a traffic motorcycle cop waits to give a ticket
Kitchen A woman is sitting on a kid's horse ride at a store holding a cake with candles.
Accessory a young Asian woman model sitting on a folding chair in a sleeveless dress, high heels and holding an umbrella
Person A lady and a little girl flying a kite on a grassy field.
Person The woman is setting on the steps with a case of books.
Indoor a large bedroom with a fireplace and tv
Person theres a number 41 bus with a green stripe on it 
Vehicle A black and white image of a city street in the 1950s or early 1960s.
Accessory A woman is on the side of a mountain in ski gear. 
Kitchen A woman with dark hair with a phone to her ear
Vehicle A red and black train is traveling down the tracks. 
Vehicle A black and white perspective on of a street sign and a traffic light and a group of people on a street corner talking.
Accessory The train is traveling down the railroad tracks. 
Person A tennis player is serving a tennis ball.
Indoor A man is talking on the phone while working on the computer.
Furniture A clean and white bathroom with a tub, shower and sink.
Appliance Man in apron standing on front of oven with pans and bakeware
Person The loading dock is attached to the side of a four engine airliner.
Kitchen this is a restaurant with flowers on the bar
Accessory A computer desk with a large purple office chair
Person A menu is displayed in front of a restaurant.
Person A horse drawn carriage among several other motor vehicles on a road.
Person A bus traveling on a road next to cars with building in background.
Animal Horse number 11 and 6 engaged in a horse race.
Animal there is a man that is standing on top of a horse
Furniture The chair and couch are in the room with the fireplace.
Food The bowl is full of pasta and vegetables. 
Person The person is doing tricks on the water skiing. 
Sports A young black male serving a tennis ball on a tennis court
Vehicle A dog walks on the deck of a sail boat.
Outdoor bouquets of flower sit on either side of a memorial bench.
Sports A young boy flying a colorful kite on top of a sidewalk.
Vehicle A train drives down a narrow track surrounded by trees.
Indoor The clock is built near the roof of a building.
Person A person flies a parasol while standing in the water by a beach. 
Furniture A teddy bear sits and relaxes on a red chair.
Vehicle A train is entering a train station. 
Accessory A woman walking by a fence holding an orange umbrella over her
Electronic Two men are holding video game controllers preparing to play.
Appliance a cat that is standing on a toilet and next to a sink
Person There are women that are talking on the cell phone 
Outdoor A wooden bench next to the water where a lot a boats are.
Person some Asian women are playing baseball in a store
Vehicle a stop light right across the street from a fire station 
Vehicle A postbox sitting on the side of a street.
Furniture Fork, spoon and knife surround a plate of picnic food.
Accessory A woman hiking across snow covered ground with two ski poles.
Person A man on a skateboard on a ledge.
Food Half an eclair on a plate and a coffee mug on wooden table.
Food a close up of a burrito french fries and a cup of fruit
Electronic A black cat on a wooden table in front of a laptop. 
Furniture A woman holding a smart phone at a table.
Furniture A purple chair is next to a desk with a computer and a laptop.
Kitchen A group of people playing tennis on a sunny day
Outdoor A white truck parked in a persons driveway
Appliance A person holding a sandwich, about to eat it.
Furniture A dog and a cat curled up together on a couch.
Person A man jumping into the air on a tennis court.
Accessory Girls face to a soccer ball during a game.
Person A vintage school picture of grade school aged children.
Electronic A desk set up as a workstation with a laptop
Vehicle A fire hydrant in the middle of the street curbside
Outdoor Traffic sign with graffiti displayed near white building in urban area.
Appliance A dark kitchen with a window letting in daylight.
Person A square-shaped pizza on a wooden board near white plates.
Animal a brown white and black bear and some trees
Person a woman holding an umbrella whiile standing by a counter 
Outdoor A city street with buildings and cars on a rainy day.
Furniture An empty clean kitchen with cabinetry, stove and dishwasher.
Person a little girl grabbing for a pink umbrella 
Furniture This bathroom which includes a bidet is very dirty.
Person A tv on with a man holding a knife at a guy's head and a bottle of mineral water in the foreground 
Electronic A room with a bed, a desk, and a television.
Outdoor Semi carrying cars on busy road in city near white car. 
Person A transporting cart parked in a street while passengers board.
Animal a white and brown cat sitting alone on a bench 
Vehicle A bike, two dogs and a man sitting on public transportation. 
Person Row boat at the beach's edge ready to go.
Person Three people at an event of some kind
Person Yes, bears can rip open cars and hurt the occupants.
Person There are two people standing on the side of a street.
Food Two women stand close to a cake that is mostly gone.
Furniture An ordinary bathroom with a toilet and trash bin.
Vehicle A black and white photo of a shipyard.
Sports a man standing on one hand holding onto a skateboard 
Food A beautiful dessert waiting to be shared by two people
Person An older businessman standing by bunches of bananas.
Animal A bird on a parking meter next to a car.
Furniture A bowl of broccoli, noodles and other various foods.
Indoor a couple of stuffed animals hang from a car mirror 
Furniture A few men eating an assortment of foods at a table.
Person some baseball players are playing baseball and a camera man
Indoor A smiling woman in uniform on a cell phone.
Indoor The friends are playing a game together in a living room.
Indoor A close up of a clear vase with flowers.
Person A big dog next to a person's leg.
Animal A cow standing in a field with lots of tall grass.
Vehicle An Air Force jet flying in a deep blue sky.
Electronic A lap top computer next to a computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.
Person A man on a beech vehicle making his way thru the sand.
Sports A women tennis player throwing the ball up for a serve.
Sports The action in a competitive professional basketball game.
Person A person cuts a pizza while another holds a pizza peel.
Furniture The man stands on fence railing beside a table with food on it. 
Electronic A man on a bicycle watching someone on stage
Outdoor two women hold umbrellas while waiting to cross the street in a city
Electronic A young girl playing a video game while others talk.
Person Guy jumps off the steps doing a flip trick with his skateboard
Vehicle A red fire hydrant embedded in a city sidewalk.
Person Horses and jockeys running on a racing track.
Food A white plate with a sandwich and sides on it
Vehicle An individual enjoying itself on a sunny day
Indoor some teddy bears dressed and posed for a picnic 
Accessory A group of people kneeling down beside some sheep.
Person A room with many medical supplies in it. 
Person A woman laying on the beach under an umbrella.
Electronic Player hits ball during major league game at stadium.
Kitchen A newly married couple standing next to a four layer wedding cake.
Accessory A crowd of people standing on top of a field flying colorful kites.
Person A man uses a pair of big scissors to cut a pink ribbon.
Outdoor a colorful train going along an elevated track 
Kitchen a bathroom with blue and white walls 
Indoor A little boy has a hairbrush in his hands.
Animal A giraffe eating some leaves from a tree at the zoo
Person An Asian family getting together for an enjoyable Chinese dinner.
Vehicle A large amount of motorcycles are parked on the street.
Food A row of plants growing in the ground by a building.
Sports A female tennis player is posed and ready for the ball to come.
Food Two plates of breakfast food and a glass of juice.
Person A woman riding a horse and looking at her reflection in a mirror.
Appliance a bath room with a sink a toilet and a mirror
Sports People fly kites in a large park in the middle of a city.
Food A hand is slicing a pizza on a table.
Kitchen The man is standing in front of a television playing a game 
Kitchen Two women handing out cake on plates on a dining table. 
Furniture A dog playing with a roll of toilet paper in a bathroom.
Animal Floor eye view of a supine dog hoping for some attention.
Person A group of people sitting at a table eating food.
Indoor A black cat sitting on top of a bathroom sink.
Kitchen A very nice looking tray filled with some tasty looking food.
Vehicle Closeup picture of the front of a clean motorcycle.
Animal A gray and white tiger striped cat sitting in front of a brickwall
Outdoor A filed full of people flying colorful kites.
Accessory A tourist unfolds an umbrella near ancient ruins.
Kitchen A photo looking into a kitchen and dining room with many blue accents.
Animal A few horses stand on the street next to a silver car.
Animal A group of zebra standing in the tall grass.
Appliance A lady laying in a bed in a room full of stuff.
Person An man with several injuries rests his head on a pillow.
Person A boy doing a mid air trick on his skateboard.
Outdoor Dozens of people walking around a metro area
Person A group of people posing for a photograph at a black tie event.
Vehicle A street with traffic lights and cars at night.
Accessory a man pets a cat over a bag 
Vehicle An assortment of street lights and signs next to an ocean.
Outdoor A man sitting on a bench in a forest area. 
Vehicle A boat sits on the side of the dock.
Person a man and a woman sitting on a small boat
Person A man in a blue coat skiing through a snowy field. 
Furniture A man that has the ten commandments on his tie
Kitchen Three rectangular bowls with food; Big bowl has nine meat and sesame seed patties with brown sauce, next to it, a bowl of shredded cabbage and carrots with yogurt dollop atop, and behind that is a bowl of cut broccoli and tomatoes with seasoning.
Furniture A play of food next to a bowl of rice and chopsticks. 
Accessory Man reaches over for his plate at a restaurant counter. 
Indoor A little girl sitting on a bed with a teddy bear.
Vehicle a public transit bus on a city street 
Animal Three cows stand in a pasture on a mountain.
Furniture Two people with lots of food on a table and each has a plate
Vehicle Sail boat of older design, in middle of expansive bay
Person a man holding his face next to a picture on a television screen while holding a game controller.
Furniture A woman in a blue dress with no shoes, seated with her legs crossed on a chair in the middle of a room.
Person A guy in a green shirt is preparing to hit a tennis ball.
Furniture a young kid sits in front of a birth day cake 
Kitchen A woman teaches a class of aspiring chefs. 
Furniture A very fancy modern bedroom with a large mural over the bed.
Furniture A laptop sitting in a room with a big TV.
Person Two people smile while posing behind luggage suitcases on the sidewalk. 
Outdoor a close up of a cat sitting on a bench
Person A man in blue shorts putting together a blue and purple kite on a blue towel at the beach. 
Sports A man attempts a trick after riding off of a low ramp.
Kitchen An old advertisement shows a large kitchen with white cabinets and appliances and yellow walls.
Sports A picture of a very large kite flying in the air.
Electronic A cat laying on the floor next to a keyboard.
Kitchen A assortment of things lined up on a bed including writing utensils.
Kitchen a close up of a plate of food on a carpeted floor
Furniture people holding onto umbrellas while walking down a wet road 
Person A person in a bedroom on a laptop.
Person An up close shot of a seagull flying in front of the beach
Person A man in a shirt and tie standing up.
Accessory A bear shaped birthday cake with candles on a table.
Furniture A large dog sleeps on a duvet comforter. 
Person A skateboarder riding his board down the sidewalk.
Person A young boy riding on top of a skateboard.
Person Airline employees by an aircraft parked at the gate
Person A man is riding the giant wave on his board. 
Animal The cat is laying down squashing one side of its face.
Outdoor A lush green forest filled with lots of trees.
Person A group of animals that are walking down the road.
Outdoor A pair of people riding on a bike, down a street.
Vehicle a large air plane flying thru the air
Person a vintage photo of some people sitting under an umbrella 
Person a woman seated on wall and birds besides her
Kitchen Several sheep with their front hooves on a fence.
Person A TV with a picture of two men wearing black hats.
Animal A small brown dog curled up in sleep.
Person A woman tennise player standing at the service line and throwing a tennis ball up in the air to serve it.
Furniture a black shirt on a hanger blue curtains a bed and pillow
Accessory A tugboat sits beside a ferry on placid water with a mountain in the distance.
Person a man glares as other people behind him look on
Furniture A desk with a keyboard, laptop and monitor.
Outdoor a person riding a skate board on a ledge
Animal Four giraffes are reaching in the tree for food.
Kitchen A plate of food which includes onions, tomato, lettuce, sauce, fries, and a sandwich.
Sports an office with desk computer and chair and laptop.
Animal A dog runs around a herd of cows in a field.
Person A desktop computer sitting on top of a glass table.
Furniture A woman stands in the dining area at the table.
Sports A woman holding a couple of ski poles and skis.
Vehicle there is a double decker bus that is next to a small bus
Sports A person on some skis in the water.
Person Two men are riding horses along the beach.
Food Various fruits packaged, tagged and displayed for sale.
Food A woman getting food off of a table, with a purple sweater on.
Person Is he going to saw somebody's arm off with that thing?
Accessory A bunch of girls sit on the grass with several things on a blanket.
Food One tray of rice and a tray of fruits and veggies.
Person A blue train on some train tracks about to go under a bridge
Person Two pieces of pizza are served on a plate.
Accessory A bouquet of Mylar balloons in a living room. 
Person a skier is standing in the snow under a blue thing
Person A man smiling while standing in front of a woman with a piece of cake. 
Furniture Female tennis player in full run on a blue court to complete a backhand return.
Vehicle A man taking a selfie while eating pizza.
Vehicle The bus stopped at the bus stop and people are getting in.
Furniture a table with a large cake and small plates of cake 
Animal A man on a horse looking towards a bull.
Electronic A cat sitting on top of a televsion,
Vehicle A man walking towards a blue and white bus on street.
Food a piece of a chocolate cake on a plate 
Furniture a tennis player with a blue shirt playing tennis
Person A women in a blue shirt cuddles up with her cat
Appliance a bathroom with a bath tub a sink and a mirror
Appliance An older woman sitting at a table with a cake
Vehicle Traffic lights on a corner of a road with vehicles 
Animal The man is riding a bike led by several dogs.
Vehicle A transit bus with its doors opened as passengers board.
Electronic Some children who are playing video games together.
Person Woman and adoring dog under an umbrella in the sun.
Furniture there is a large pizza pie on a white plate
Food a person holding a knife cuts into a cake 
Furniture Ornate Victorian style furnishings and decor in a bedroom
Furniture A woman in a living room with a dog. 
Furniture Several pictures of food on a table at a restaurant. 
Sports a person holding a surf board in a body of water
Indoor A cluttered living room shows off a collection of strange artwork and action figures.
Food a man is walking his dog through the city
Person A stop sign sits at an intersection in a city at night time. 
Vehicle A caged stairway beside a building on a rainy day.
Person A dog looking out the window as seen through a mirror.
Person a woman standing in a grassy field next to a tree
Electronic Two woman wearing no shoes playing video games
Electronic there's a cow that has a Television on its side
Accessory People at a stock yard looking at animals 
Outdoor A stop sign with additional warnings taped to it.
Electronic A large flat screen TV sitting in a living room surrounded by furniture.
Indoor A wooden desk that is very cluttered with items.
Appliance A small and near bathroom that's inside someone's house.
Person Several people in skis standing on a snow covered incline.
Electronic two people are playing a video game and a male is watching
Electronic Man in red shirt and black pants standing next to white flatbed truck cab next to a set of new tires.
Animal a man and a large herd of goats in a desert setting.
Person there is a man riding a skateboard down a rail
Person Large stuffed bear sitting outside of a building.
Person A man posing with a horse in the shade 
Person Two people posing next to a giant statue with a suit case.
Person A guy on a skate board high in the air.
Animal A group of four zebras standing in different positions.
Kitchen A kitchen that has carpeted floors and wooden cabinets.
Person A man reaching into a freezer while standing next to a woman in a park.
Kitchen A child with oranges and apples biting into one.
Furniture A girl reading a book in bed with a cat 
Food A ripe tangerine atop a worn wooden picnic table.
Person A man who is looking at a baseball bat.
Person two lady's wearing long dresses and carrying baskest 
Food Pork and vegetables prepared on a cutting board and counter.
Sports The man balances on one leg after serving a tennis ball.
Person A man standing next to a snowboard in the snow.
Outdoor A group of people are playing baseball on a field.
Kitchen A woman standing in a kitchen next to a table.
Person a bunch of kids are standing in a room
Vehicle A yellow train engine pulling train cars over road.
Person An older image of a toddler, dog, and adult doing dishes. 
Kitchen There is a banana split with whipped cream and a cherry.
Sports A large black dog leaping to get a frisbee. 
Food Smiling people indoors posing with a delivery pizza.
Furniture A box of doughnuts and some food on a plate.
Vehicle A ship is sailing across an ocean filled with waves.
Person Two people with heavy winter coats are eating
Outdoor a close up of a chicken under a bench near a field
Person A child and person stand under an umbrella. 
Animal A baby elephant stands near its mother. 
Food A woman holds a carrot in her right hand with a beverage in the other.
Kitchen a brown table with a chocolate drink and a piece of white cake
Furniture A plate of finger foods next to a blue and raspberry topped cake.
Furniture Some green bananas and coconuts are sitting on a picnic table. 
Vehicle There is a large ship in the middle of the ocean. 
Vehicle The airplane is on the tarmac at the airport.
Person Several pieces of bread sitting on a grill with a person putting vegetables on top of them.
Sports A person in a field flying a kite in the sky.
Person the person addressing on a microphone and a flag behind 
Accessory A girl in a pink shirt holding a blue umbrella.
Accessory a woman walking by a stop sign while holding a bag 
Person This image is of a man snowboarding down a hill.
Animal A cat is sitting in the window in front of the window blinds.
Animal Two dogs walking on rocks next to a creek.
Person Female skier smiling while standing in the snow. 
Animal A bunch of sheep in the snow behind a barbed wire fence.
Furniture a cat in a bedroom laying on a striped covered bed.
Animal Two tusked elephants fighting on grass in the wild.
Furniture The group of people are really into the game.
Food French fries on a pizza with a bottle of beer.
Appliance A cat is staring while sitting in a sink.
Furniture Bananas and plums sitting in a bowl on the a table.
Animal A clock shaped like an apple sitting on a counter.
Person Waves crashing on the shore with a surfer in the midst
Kitchen A woman cutting a cake with a long knife.
Kitchen A man at a party talking on a cell phone.
Animal a single giraffe standing in tall brown grass
Outdoor A fire hydrant is near people viewing a canyon. 
Furniture A couple of motorcycles parked next to each other.
Person A tour bus with a cats face painted on the front of it
Food A bowl of broccoli, noodles and other various foods.
Furniture There are various items on shelves tagged for sale. 
Person A passenger train parked next to a platform.
Furniture A boy wearing an orange t-shirt playing a video game while sitting on a couch.
Person the portable device is displaying a very important message.
Sports The man is riding the surfboard on the water. 
Animal a couple of horses pull a contraption 
Person A man and woman on a scooter receiving baggage from a bellhop.
Animal man with grey hair leading a cow with red ribbon
Animal Large dog lying on couch with blanket in living room.
Animal A white horse drawn carriage in front of a yellow building.
Electronic a girl is playing with a video game controller
Person A man drinking a beverage from a red bottle.
Kitchen There is a desktop computer and a laptop sitting on an organize desk in an office .
Vehicle This is a horse being put into a trailer.
Vehicle There are not many passengers on the bus.
Food a kid eating a cake on  table looking around
Sports A woman slashing down a snowy hill on skis.
Accessory An older man with a bow tie happily poses for a picture.
Appliance A cat that is standing near a computer screen.
Person A small boy holding a bat with a hat pulled over his face.
Furniture A cute little teddy bear on a mantle near a vintage photo.
Food A large bunch of ripening banana type fruit.
Indoor A VERY NICE BATHROOM IN THE MIDDLE OF A REMODEL
Food A smiling man holds a bunch of freshly picked bananas
Appliance A bathroom with lighting and a toilet and other things.
Electronic a cat laying on top of a striped chair 
Person A young boy sittingon a toilette seat in a bathroom.
Outdoor Twilight at a city intersection with lit street signs.
Animal A cat is looking out a window in front of some blinds.
Furniture There is a full glass sitting on the table.
Electronic A picture of someone in the TV on the wall.
Animal A huge clock on the side of a building.
Vehicle A short train traveling through a rustic contryside.
Person A yellow bus parks near the median of a street.
Sports People look on as a ball heads towards a batter.
Animal A herd of sheep walking across a lush green field.
Kitchen A man cooking hot dogs with a light colored jacket on
Person A double decker bus with neon lights at night.
Furniture a cow walking on a city street near people 
Appliance THERE IS A CAT THAT IS IN THE SINK
Person A young baseball player tagging up at third base.
Kitchen A Dell laptop on a desk is surrounded by cords, books, and papers.
Food A baby who is being held by a man.
Person A person in a giraffe costume in a crowd of people.
Furniture a man standing next to a kitchen counter preparing food.
Person a man that has a green tie and white shirt
Kitchen A large glass window in a living room.
Person A man on a tennis court holding his racket and waiting
Kitchen A man is stirring something in a small bowl.
Person A man wearing a collar shirt with a blue tie
Food Pizzas are sitting on trays on a table.
Furniture room with wood floors and a stone fire place
Accessory A nice setup of stuffed bears having a picnic. 
Furniture A cat is walking past a chair. 
Sports A woman is helping a child put on skis.
Sports A couple of men are running around in a field
Indoor A woman sitting on stone steps with a suitcase full of books.
Furniture A banana resting on a paper towel atop a wooden table.
Furniture A patterned wallpaper is on the walls of a bathroom
Kitchen A bowl of a kind of vegetable stew on a table.
Person a man is sliding up to a base at a baseball game
Indoor A woman is pointing and holding a hair dryer.
Accessory A person walking in a square carrying a rainbow colored umbrella.
Electronic A remote control sitting on a table with the telivision in the background. 
Person A man serving a tennis ball on top of a tennis court.
Food A silver pan topped with pepperoni pizza on a table.
Furniture A man on a beach trying to launch a kite. 
Food A pizza displayed in an oven with the door open.
Indoor Three women in long skirts and a dog standing near a Christmas tree.
Person Strike a pose, you hunky young tennis player!
Animal An old dog sniffs a red fire hydrant.
Accessory Three people, two wearing blue shirts, are on the tennis court.
Sports this is a man skiing down a snowy slope
Person a person in an outfit is sitting on a bench
Animal A dog licking the top of a  beer bottle
Person The man is riding his motorcycle around the bend. 
Electronic An open laptop compute with a computer mouse.
Food One apple and several oranges sit in a bowl.
Vehicle Two large buses traveling down a busy city street.
Outdoor A group of four elders sit on a park bench in front of the ocean.
Furniture Four people are swimming in the sea with chairs on the beach.
Person a man sleeping with his cat next to him
Person Blue-and-white jet airplane sitting at an airport runway. 
Indoor teddy bears dressed up in clothing sitting on a loveseat together
Kitchen A couple celebrating a birthday in a kitchen.
Person A laptop computer and a desktop computer on a white desk
Kitchen Two people, a man and a woman, are toasting with wine glasses.
Sports There are a lot of surf boards leaning against the building.
Animal An elephant standing in the middle of a rocky environment.
Indoor A tour group is guided through a museum.
Furniture A woman is holding a baby with another young boy beside her.
Kitchen A man eating a sandwich off of a white plate.
Electronic Two girls are smoking cigarettes while one is playing on the laptop.
Vehicle a man pets a horse attached to other horses 
Furniture A man playing in a tennis match with a large crowd
Appliance a sink and a toilet that is in a small bathroom
Furniture Pizza and empty glasses on the dinner table.
Kitchen A man looking at camera preparing food in kitchen
Vehicle A train in its full span gives the illusion of a neverending adventure.
Electronic Two cats laying on a keyboard in front of a monitor.
Person two men walking down a city streen next to a blue pole.
Sports a person standing on a  tennis court holding a racquet.
Vehicle A train with mirrors on the outside sits on some tracks.
Kitchen A person with a umbrella and a glass at a table.
Vehicle A young boy wearing his baseball uniform with his bat in his hands
Food A pizza with different toppings sitting on a pan. 
Person an adult walking with two children holding tennis rackets
Person A police officer is riding a motorcycle down the street.
Appliance A black cat sits in a bathroom sink.
Electronic A living room with a large green couch and office desk.
Person This is three professional athletes from a long time ago.
Person Skateboarder grinding his board on the side of a pavement course. 
Electronic A living room displaying family photos  and art.
Accessory many umbrellas are lined up on the beach at the foot of a city
Kitchen A desk with a keyboard, laptop and monitor.
Kitchen Bar stools at a bar separating a dining area from a kitchen.
Indoor Two teddy bears are laying side by side on a quilt. 
Sports A man on a snowboard in the snow.
Person A horse and rider jumping over a bar on a track.
Animal a man on a three wheeler following behind a two dogs and a cow
Furniture A laptop sitting on a bed near a window
Outdoor two people stand in front of a motorcycle 
Person An older person sitting in a living room chair near a walker.
Appliance A bathroom with a tub, sinks, lights and a television.
Food A large pizza on a plate with forks
Animal A black cat sitting in a field of grass.
Kitchen a a small bathroom with pink tile and trim
Kitchen A black mouse with blue light-up parts is next to a gray keyboard.
Accessory Outside view of the MGM Grand in Las Vegas with people sitting and walking.
Electronic The young child is playing a video game. 
Person there are two skate boarders doing tricks on the street
Animal A horse standing in a lush green grass field.
Kitchen Dishes filled with sushi, fruit, and vegetables on a table.
Person A young man on a wooden bench using a laptop.
Outdoor A city street filled with lots of cars.
Furniture A man wearing glasses and a green tie
Furniture A photograph of a newly remodeled bathroom in a home.
Animal Several cattle walking down a street in front of a car.
Appliance Two young girls cooking some fresh asparagus on a stove.
Person A group of people eating a meal at a table.
Vehicle A boat out of the water on the shore with other boats in the background.
Animal Two giraffes browsing on a bush under a cloudy sky.
Kitchen a plate with some pieces of bread on it 
Kitchen A man taking a pic of a sandwich on a table
Kitchen Woman holding a teddy bear on the back of a bicycle. 
Animal A map and street sign with building in background.
Food This is a broccoli carrot soup with a lot of broth.
Sports Man in black shirt wake boarding over a rail.
Appliance Chefs working in a kitchen at a restaurant 
Furniture A man sitting at a wooden bench and table with an open umbrella sitting on the table.
Person a man with a hat jumping a barrier with a skate board
Indoor A pizza sitting on top of a plate next to a foil bag of food.
Accessory some people are flying kites and one male has a red tie on 
Person A man bending over a cake with a lot of candles.
Furniture people eating on a table with many different food types on it
Person City bus stopped, taking on passengers, at night.
Outdoor A sidewalk grass median with a street sign and a fire hydrant.
Outdoor A teddy bear is next to a goldfish toy.
Sports A group of four men standing on top of a lush green field.
Person A person stands and shows his tie off.
Animal A herd of cattle walking down a road being followed by a cowboy.
Animal A cat sitting in a tree, staring at the camera.
Sports A person on skis is skiing down a snowy hill. 
Animal People are riding their horses in the parade.
Furniture A bathroom with bidet, toilet, tub, and a checkerboard floor.
Appliance A yellow cat sits in a small sink.
Sports Man on tennis court with hand up to say stop.
Kitchen A white plate topped with a sandwich and sliced veggies.
Accessory A woman in a sheer dress leans down while holding an umbrella.
Food A man who is cutting something in a kitchen.
Accessory A woman stands on a cobblestone walkway carrying an umbrella. 
Person A car and a truck sitting a red light.
Electronic a laptop on top of a table with a plate with food next to it.
Food A BBQ topped with lots of sausages sitting side by side.
Furniture A cat is perched on the back of a sofa in a multi colored room.
Electronic A man eating pizza without using his hands.
Person A group of men stand next to their bicycles.
Sports A person on skis skiing down a mountain.
Vehicle The bottom of a jumbo jet is flying through the air.  
Furniture A teddy bear sitting on a blue chair.
Food A man leaning his head in a box of pizza with some pizza in his mouth.
Electronic An angled shot of a fully stocked kitchen with wooden cabinets.
Indoor A train station clock tower with flags flying above it.
Person Several cows that are lined up next to one another.
Person Small dog waiting for green frisbee to be thrown.
Food A table filled with a cake and paper plates with ice cream and cake.
Sports a woman wearing skis on a snowy mountain posing for the camera. 
Outdoor A red. white, and blue fire hydrant on the side of the road. 
Accessory A woman in a bikini laying under a red umbrella.
Person A couple of people riding waves on top of boards.
Person Guy sitting on toilet smoking a cigarette. 
Food A plate of cheese bread next to bread sticks and wine.
Accessory Several plaid and red umbrellas opened on a dreary day.
Kitchen A man giving a thumbs up while on a cell phone.
Vehicle People standing on the street by parked bicycles with a skateboard
Sports A man filming a person skateboarding on a wall.
Vehicle A truck is sitting in the middle of a wooded area.
Vehicle A street lined with cones with people up and down the sidewalk.
Furniture A man looking down at a baseball bat that he is holding in his hands 
Person A new husband and wife feeding each other wedding cake as a photographer takes pictures. 
Electronic A group of people sitting around a table in front of computers.
Outdoor an image of a man sitting on a park bench
Person A surfer is riding a wave on a narrow waterway.
Person THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS HOLDNG A TENNIS RACKET 
Person Traffic stopped at an intersection waiting for the light to turn green.
Furniture Several children attentively play a game of curling together.
Person A tennis player is attempting to hit the ball. 
Person A small boy trying to fly a small kite
Person A hand with finger on a blender filled with liquid.
Furniture Two athletes are competing on a playing field.
Food A plate with pizza, lettuce and ham sit on a plate white we see hands holding silverware and a bottle of wine with glasses.
Outdoor Two women sit next to each other on a park bench. 
Vehicle A man riding a skateboard down a cement ramp.
Person Kite flying between water area and building complex, probably Japan.
Furniture A young woman is playing a video game on a couch.
Person A large terminal in a quiet airport hall.
Accessory People standing in a field and flying kites.
Accessory no image again there are a lot of these lately
Sports An all female tennis team taking a group photo on a tennis court
Indoor A clock protruding from the side of a building.  
Accessory A woman is standing near a brick wall
Accessory A group of young people gather with surfboards on a tropical beach.
Electronic A woman in a coat and cat is towing luggage through an airport.
Food Woman holding tomato over item being prepared for baking.
Person A woman holding a baseball bat over her head on the sand.
Indoor A teddy bear sitting in front of an open laptop computer.
Person black and white picture with a single red bus and a crowd of people lining the streets 
Appliance a toilet a cabinet a sink and a towel and toilet paper
Electronic A man sitting at a computer desk in front of a monitor.
Furniture A vodafone sitting on a table next to a Mac laptop.
Outdoor A fire hydrant in front of a house with overgrown grass
Kitchen two teddy bears at a table with honey
Accessory A young boy who is holding a kite in his hands.
Kitchen A vendor has lots of different vases for sale.
Sports A man on ski's that is in the air.
Furniture A man sitting at a bar next to another man near a waitress.
Indoor A large orbital vase sits next to a candle on a table.
Food A table with sandwiches, chili, french fries, and a drink.
Appliance A living room filled with furniture and a table.
Accessory The bride and groom stand at the alter near a priest. 
Furniture Two clay pots with leafy green plants in them.
Person A smiling woman in uniform on a cell phone.
Person A young boy with a spoon looking at a birthday cupcake.
Accessory A man posing for the picture in a building 
Person A poster of a bald man in a room with a desktop computer.
Furniture A cat standing next to a white toilet near a bath tub.
Food A drink that has a slice of an orange in it.
Kitchen The meal is ready on the tray to be eaten.
Indoor Bedside with lamp, large bound book, and humidifier. 
Person A man walking near a shoreline with a surf board under his arm.
Vehicle A city bus drives down a quiet road.
Furniture The kitchen features an old fashioned center island.
Animal A woman and dog in a living room with the tv on.
Person The man is close to an oven full of cookies that are being prepared.
Vehicle A man holding a white frisbee walking on top of a green grass covered field.
Animal A cat, kitten and a teddy bear laying on a bed.
Indoor an ornate clock and watchtower on top of a building
Person A row of buildings and a city street on a hill that is pretty steep.
Person a baseball pitcher is throwing the ball 
Vehicle A foggy view above trains on train tracks.
Furniture a room with plants on little tables by the windows 
Vehicle This is a Canadian sightseeing bus with a maple leaf advertising on the 
Sports A couple of baseball player standing on a field.
Kitchen People outside at table eating cake on plates.
Sports The man is posing for a picture with his snowboard.
Sports A man holding a surfboard on a beach with a pier in the background.
Indoor A child is sitting on the floor and making a kite.
Person Two elephants in an enclosure at a zoo.
Indoor A clock tower on top of a store building in a busy city.
Sports Young children are at the beach flying a toy story kite.
Animal Elephant enjoying a drink of water in zoo.
Person A man playing disk frizbe in a park.
Furniture A person and a toilet standing in a room.
Accessory a person on skis doing a trick over the snow 
Person a person riding a skate board on a bench
Sports A tennis player jumps and stretches to return the ball.
Food Two people are cutting into a large cake.
Kitchen A man standing beside a display of bananas in boxes.
Outdoor A woman with an umbrella on a commuter train takes a snooze
Animal A small black cat sits outside on an open window sill.
Person A MAN IS SMILING SITTING ON A MOTOR BIKE 
Indoor A teddy bear with a giant heart sits inside a green bin. 
Person A red head girl holding a piece of cake
Animal a polar bear yawning while standing on a rock 
Appliance A walk in shower next to a toilet with a wooden seat.
Electronic A large black and beige cat stands near a television.
Furniture A room with a couch, chairs, television and a table. 
Food A steel strainer with four ripe banana's on a table.
Accessory A person riding skis across snow covered ground.
Furniture A cat sleeping on a desk next to an open laptop.
Person A lady is preparing pancakes in a charming white kitchen.
Person A barber shop with a young child getting a haircut.
Furniture People are at an outdoor lunch table in a park.
Vehicle A long row of train carts sitting in a yard of tracks.
Person A few para-surfers on the water near a beach.
Person A man is standing on the edge of a orange boat
Person An intersection with antique cars and a bus at it.
Person A woman in black jacket watching a cat eating from pizza box.
Person Two adults working behind a counter displaying pastries.
Kitchen A man and a woman holding up a pizza in a seating area.
Accessory A luggage bag filled entirely with reading books. 
Furniture A family holding umbrellas at a backyard barbecue.
Vehicle A vintage red truck parked in a parking lot under a blue sky.
Person A person going up a snow hill on skis.
Vehicle People loading onto a orange and silver metro bus.
Person a woman standing while looking at her cell phone 
Sports People at the beach bringing their boat in.
Person Two little children on stroller in a parking lot.
Accessory The beach is filled with people, whom are expecting someone.
Vehicle A woman walking on a cross walk with cars driving on it.
Person A briefcase with decorated with stickers placed on a table.
Person Three images show the man swinging a racket at the tennis ball. 
Animal a black dog in the air catching a frisbee
Electronic Group of children and adults playing a video game.
Person Two young kids interacting in the grocery store produce section.
Food A bowl of fruit is placed on a table in a kitchen.
Person THERE IS AN AIR PLANE THAT IS PARKED ON THE TARP
Food A tiny square of cake beside a two tonged fork
Accessory Two men at a table under a tent selling neckties.
Furniture A man and a woman toast their wine glasses.
Electronic A bed with stacked pillows is in a bedroom with a chair.
Electronic A woman brushing her teeth while taking a selfie 
Person A bull is running freely on the beach with other boys.
Indoor A couple of people standing cutting a cake.
Person A large horse standing inside of a wooden pen.
Accessory A small elephant walks up to the fence in a zoo.
Person There is a lady in a wheelchair holding a tennis racket.
Food Chefs and cooks are preparing meals in a restaurant kichen
Kitchen Black cat with green eyes sitting in a bathroom sink. 
Electronic A desk with a pc, including keyboard and mouse
Food A man and a woman posing together for a picture
Animal Two zebras relax in a wooded area near many trees
Electronic A lone woman walks across the terminal with her bags.
Vehicle A train parked at a waiting station where passengers board.
Animal A zebra standing up next to a chain linked fence and eating grass that is on the ground.
Food A hand holding a sandwich above a plate.
Electronic A somber woman in a pink T-shirt raises a torch.
Outdoor People looking at a stop light on the other side of the road. 
Person A group of people walking down a city street near a bus.
Sports A boy swinging a baseball bat at a game.
Sports Two people on a snowy mountain in skis,
Animal A pigeon with it's head inside of a donut.
Outdoor A parket meter sitting next to a parking space.
Electronic A bathroom with the reflection of a tv in a mirror
Vehicle some cars a red bus and a blue bus
Accessory PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA WALKING NEAR A WHITE BUILDING.
Accessory A train driving down the rail road tracks in a city.
Vehicle A pole with stop lights and a horse walking sign.
Animal A large good standing in the dirt near the ocean. 
Sports Some one is flying a kite high on the beach.
Electronic A cluttered living room shows off a collection of strange artwork and action figures.
Person A wetsuit clad surfer catching a wave in front of a pier.
Kitchen A table with a white cup and a cookie next to a toilet.
Vehicle A stop sign on the side of a street.
Person A man is doing tricks with a frisbee
Person Group of people sending around photography equipment and a living room. 
Animal A cat outside a window looking at a Buddha statue.
Furniture A small closed toilet in a cramped space.
Animal The large dog is wearing a human's cap on it's head.
Person A man riding a motorcycle down a small paved road.
Animal several cows grazing in a grassy  open field.
Food A woman in a wedding dress with another lady holding a piece of cake.
Animal A baby elephant having fun playing in a river.
Sports A man riding a skateboard on piece of concrete in a park.
Kitchen A toilet sits next to a bathtub in an empty bathroom. 
Accessory Painting of girl that has multiple piercings on face
Outdoor A park bench sitting on a bed of mulch next to a tree.
Furniture The wine has been poured and ready to drink
Furniture This is a bathroom with a toilet, counter and shower.
Animal A dog laying down on a fluffy carpet
Outdoor The photo is a collection of brightly painted fire hydrants.
Person A couple of horses in what appears to be a circus.
Animal A cat walking on the wood floor beside a chair
Indoor A man is watching his daughter get her hair done. 
Appliance A dirty public restroom with sinks and mirrors.
Person A young child smiles on a scooter in an historic photo.
Person A man is aiming to hit a tennis ball on a tennis court.
Vehicle A big bus in a parking lot next to a big building 
Person An elderly man and woman sit on a bench on a busy sidewalk.
Person Three people standing next to each other all smiling .
Animal An adult cow standing alone in the sand.
Food A couple of stools are in front of a kitchen bar
Sports A baseball player swings his bat while the umpire and referee wait behind him.
Indoor A room with brown sofa and chair, tables, a fireplace, and white windows.
Person A man on a skateboard on a ramp in front of spectators.  
Person Two women play a game in a living room.
Kitchen a bride and groom couple cuts the wedding cake 
Vehicle Truck driving through the intersection of Biltmore and Short Coxe Ave.
Food Three pastry desserts and two glasses of wine are on a table. 
Indoor A clock shaped like an apple sitting on a counter.
Outdoor A stop sighn is propped up against the side of a building.
Person Two women sitting on a metal park bench
Appliance This kitchen has a black stove, stainless steel refrigerator and white cupboards.
Furniture The neat bathroom has green trim on the tile.
Animal A cat perched near a brick wall looking to he right
Person Man laughing standing next to his motorcycle with his bicycle attached to it.  
Vehicle A train traveling down tracks net to a  bridge.
Outdoor A man is helping an athlete on a sport field.
Person A man and a boy hold video controllers on opposite sides of a dining table containing a projector.
Furniture A young man preparing to serve during a tennis match.
Furniture Mom has to help him eat his hot dog and bun.
Kitchen A woman sitting next to a display on the ground of jewelry is talking on the phone.
Sports A soccer team celebrates three players by lifting them up.
Person A crowd of people flying kites in the grass.
Person A partially eaten apple by a Verizon device.
Food A women who is taking a picture of her food.
Animal A person stands between two dogs on a beach, one of them holding a frisbee.
Furniture A bathroom with a shower, toilet, and sink.
Vehicle A blue bus driving down a street past a park.
Accessory A woman walking down a street holding an orange umbrella.
Outdoor A wooden bench sitting out in the middle of a desert.
Person a tennis player stretching to hit a tennis ball 
Person Two men that are standing together holding glasses.
Electronic two women playing the wii game together .
Sports A boy stands at the top of a jump with his skateboard.
Person A baseball player holding a bat standing next to home plate.
Vehicle A cop is riding a motorcycle at an intersection in a city at night.
Animal A cat is looking at a cluttered computer desk.
Animal A cat is laying on top of a laptop computer.
Person A couple of people that are outside a double high bus.
Food Three rectangular bowls with food; Big bowl has nine meat and sesame seed patties with brown sauce, next to it, a bowl of shredded cabbage and carrots with yogurt dollop atop, and behind that is a bowl of cut broccoli and tomatoes with seasoning.
Electronic A group of people sitting at a table with food.
Person a couple of horses are standing in the street
Person A baseball pitcher throwing a baseball during a baseball game.
Person Two men ride on atv's and tilt them to the side.
Animal A couple of people who are on the back of a horse.
Person A train pulling into a station beside a platform.
Food Three woman looking over a table full of food.
Indoor Two white cushions on a chair made of baseball bats.
Sports THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS HOLDNG A TENNIS RACKET 
Person a girl watching another girl trip while pulling her suitcase
Person a lady that has a bowl in her hand
Electronic A person wearing a heavy coat while holding up a cell phone.
Sports Several large fish balloons hanging from poles outside.
Accessory A man standing next to a woman in a gray dress.
Animal A small cat is standing on a table
Person A person setting in a chair in a living room with a fireplace and windows.
Kitchen a black stove top built in to a kitchen counter
Sports Car with pedestrians parked in gravel lot near ski area.
Accessory A girl in plain dress standing next to a white teddy bear.
Food Two cooked hot dogs on a plate with parsley.
Person A woman in a very short skirt swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.
Person A paper container filled with two hot dogs.
Person A woman bending over in a living room to pet her dog.
Food A sandwich with a pile a olives and an apple on a tablecloth. 
Outdoor there is a red fire hydrant on a street between two identical white poles
Person A man sitting on a train at a table using a laptop.
Accessory a colorful kite flying by some people in the park 
Furniture A small brown dog curled up in sleep.
Appliance An Apple user and his faithful cat surf the web.
Animal Three giraffe's in a green grassy tree filled area.
Indoor View of plaza with tower near beach on sunny day.
Furniture two laptops a mouse cords wires and a monitor 
Sports A person on skis off the ground attached to a cable in a snowy field.
Animal brown bears standing around looking at a metal fence
Furniture a half eaten pizza is sitting on a plate
Electronic A man on a cellphone sticking his finger in his ear.
Vehicle A young man doing a flip on a skateboard in the middle of a busy street.
Vehicle A cluster of traffic driving towards a capital building.
Person A player running the bases of a base ball game while an opposing player goes for the ball.
Sports a professional pitcher on the mound getting ready to throw the ball
Appliance a number of people in a kitchen preparing food 
Appliance Two preteens standing at the stove cooking green beans.
Food Chocolate dessert bars covered in frosting and sprinkles.
Person Blue truck rolling down the side of a city street. 
Person a monorail going down the track as a bus parks by the side of a road 
Person someone steaming the wrinkles out of a garment 
Vehicle an image of a truck with a side trailer
Kitchen a close up of a knife and a cup on a surface
Furniture a living room that has a couple of chairs in it
Appliance A white bath tub sitting under a window in a bathroom.
Outdoor A female skier sits down on a bench eating a bagel.
Sports A kid skateboarding while other kids stand and watch.
Furniture A white bed sitting in the corner of a room next to windows.
Vehicle A view down a street of a couple of buildings and a couple of cars.
Food Banana bread and orange juice with a orange wedge is sweet tasting.
Furniture Two people sitting at a table eating.  
Person A boy holding up an umbrella over a woman's head.
Outdoor A parking meter sitting next to a street with a very odd looking building next to it.
Accessory Two people smile while posing behind luggage suitcases on the sidewalk. 
Outdoor A sign that gives directions to drivers driving down the road
Sports A women looks toward the tennis ball she just hit.  
Furniture Group of people smiling and eating a meal at a long table with candles.
Person A brown and white dog laying on a carpet under a table.
Kitchen a kid is swinging a baseball bat at a game
Kitchen A person cutting a pizza next to a salad and bottles of wine on wooden table.
Accessory Man in shirt and tie leaning back in chain in office.
Outdoor A rural road with three octagonal signs, two are stop signs and one has the word "Go" painted on it.
Indoor the river has many buildings surrounding it 
Furniture Some very pretty yellow furniture near a busy street.
Person A woman standing in front of a box handing a woman a bag of food.
Person A man stands on the backs of two running horses.
Furniture A boy in a tie holding a small suit case.
Sports A baseball game in progress with the batter up to plate.
Sports Female tennis player preparing to serve the ball
Appliance A full view of some items in a living huts made of straws. 
Accessory A mob of skier skiing down a snow covered mountain side.
Person Two boys wearing different soccer uniforms are trying to kick a soccer ball.
Person There are donuts arranged on a silver plate 
Person A train is stopping to pick up passengers on the platform.
Person The diners are enjoying their various beverages with their meals..
Kitchen A bowl of noodles, meat, broccoli and carrots in a sauce with a fork.
Kitchen This basic kitchen has tools sitting on the floor
Kitchen A computer desk is filled with laptop computers.
Food a couple of people ordering food at a bakery 
Kitchen Large assortment of baked pizzas on counter ready for consumption.
Electronic a yellow book with a black pen on it
Person Photographers taking pictures of a tennis player during a game.
Sports many people on a beach with a kite flying in the sky
Animal Cat lying on top of a shelf with its front leg hanging down.
Person A TV mounted in a cow on a wall.
Indoor A laptop computer is displaying a screen with words.
Sports A child with various yard decorations some of which look like fish.
Vehicle A white car parked on a street in the rain.
Person a close up of a person standing holding a frisbee
Animal A boy and a girl feeding the giraffe at the zoo. 
Person A couple of men play baseball and the batter runs for base.
Indoor An Asian child brushes their teeth with a blue toothbrush.
Person A photograph portrait of a male teen in coat and tie.
Furniture A young lady is playing a baseball bat game. 
Electronic A woman holding a camera is taking a picture.
Person A busy ski resort with people dressed in winter gear.
Furniture Man brushing his teeth and looking at his phone.
Furniture A woman sitting at a table with a birthday cake in front of her.
Sports A tennis player poses with her racquet on the court
Person A group of people walking across a street below a tall building.
Sports A high view of a park where several people are flying kites.
Person A woman and a man playing a video game in the living room
Person An airport terminal with many people carrying their luggage.
Food a clock that looks like an apple a penguin and a potted plant
Vehicle A man in a suit standing beside his bicycle. 
Animal a couple sitting on a horse statue posing for a picture in grassy setting
Appliance A little girl sitting on a kitchen counter next to a plate of food.
Animal A zebra foraging near a pile of branches
Electronic The interior of a dimly lit plane or train.
Sports A woman in white dress playing a game of tennis.
Sports Guy flips his skateboard in mid air doing a trick.
Appliance A kitchen that has carpeted floors and wooden cabinets.
Food A man looking at camera preparing food in kitchen
Outdoor A clock tower by street next to cars at night.
Person Several people stand at a table that appears to hold some machinery.
Vehicle a train on a train track next to a parking lot
Furniture A small pizza in the middle of a table.
Vehicle A jumbo jet touching down on the runway.
Person A man walking next to a snowy hill.
Outdoor A boy skateboards on a home made ramp.
Person A colorful chain with a note attached is wrapped around a parking meter's post.
Appliance A refrigerator freezer sitting in a yellow kitchen.
Animal A black and white dog catching a blue flying disc
Animal Two giraffes standing in high grass near each other.
Appliance An older woman in a flower dress takes a self photo in the mirror.
Sports a man in the air standing above the skateboard
Outdoor an older couple sitting on a bench talking 
Outdoor A bench is next to a lamp post in the middle of a field.
Accessory A man and woman sit on benches with a small child.
Electronic The man and woman are playing a video game. 
Person A chicken is standing under a bench in a park.
Animal there is a small puppy on the kitchen floor
Animal A cat laying on top of a black office chair.
Kitchen A happy woman digging in to chocolate cake with a spoon
Outdoor A stop sign is standing next to a road in the snow.
Furniture A toilet covered in glitter sitting inside of a room.
Food Two men getting food at an outside restaurant.
Indoor A very tall church with a clock below a tower.
Electronic A black and white photo of a man on a cell phone.
Kitchen An airplane meal including a sandwich and coffee.
Outdoor A boy catches a ball as a player slides to the base.
Sports a baseball player is swinging a bat and some grass
Sports Two people that are carrying a clear box kite. 
Furniture A picture of a young boy laying on top of a bed.
Animal An orange cat about to jump onto a tile floor from a bed.
Accessory A clock tower by street next to cars at night.
Food a close up of a plate with an orange and a fork
Vehicle A train approaching a railroad crossing during the day.
Food A person is holding two apples on a plate at sum sort of celebration.
Sports A boy standing in the grass with a frisbee.
Furniture Full course dinner served on large plate including drinks and dessert.
Appliance THERE IS A MICROWAVE  THAT IS ON THE DESK TOP 
Food a woman staring and some do nuts in a plate
Furniture A cup and a plate with food on it on a table next to a toilet.
Vehicle A policeman on a motorcycle leads the way in a parade.
Person Several children playing a game together outside with boats in the background.
Person A city street lit up in a night scene with cars in the background. 
Sports A baseball player crosses home plate as his teammate waits. 
Furniture A pizza sitting on top of a white plate on a kitchen table.
Vehicle A street that has traffic lights that are very high up.
Kitchen A pineapple and some oranges sit on a table.
Person a red and black train is coming down the tracks
Accessory A black/white photo of a poolside dining area with the umbrellas colored.
Furniture A white plate of food on a table.
Electronic A man holding up an apple phone while taking a selfie.
Accessory A man is sitting in the flatbed of a truck.
Kitchen A fancy desert on a table with a number of drinking glasses.
Indoor Man wearing slacks and tie sitting in chair.
Person A red fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.
Furniture There is a laptop computer in a room with a couch and a bookcase.
Vehicle A business man photographs a city with his cell phone.
Person Floor eye view of a supine dog hoping for some attention.
Person a male skateboarder in a black jacket doing a trick
Animal An adult and baby zebra looking onward on a field.
Kitchen A young man holding a bat on top of a baseball field.
Sports two people jumping up to try to catch a frisbee
Electronic A sandwich lunch is displayed on a table.
Accessory A bird on the ground next to a person at a table.
Indoor A picture of a little statue in some dirt.
Sports A skier in the snow in a wooded area.
Sports A skateboarder balances on the top of a ramp.
Animal A motorbike parked, with several bicycles stacked on on the back of it.
Vehicle A park bench has a persons hat sitting on it.
Furniture A room that has a small television next to a red chair.
Vehicle A white and black motorcycle sits in a parking spot. 
Food A pole holding a bunch of bananas in a market area.
Electronic Young children sharing a laptop in a messy room with several laptops, books, and papers.
Food A half eaten sandwich sits on a table with a coffee near by.
Person A group of people in a field with various kites in the sky.
Food A man with glasses on biting into a piece of cake.
Food Gourmet food on a picnic table with drinks
Indoor Stuffed bear wearing glasses with electronic audio equipment.
Person A man presents a cake with lit candles on it to a seated man.
Sports A young man swinging a baseball bat in front of a catcher.
Person A little girl sitting on a bed inside a room.
Person A person is riding a motorcycle on a city street.
Furniture A computer is sitting on a home office work desk.
Furniture A man is exiting the building and greeting someone.
Person a man skating on the road very fast
Vehicle a red and black train is coming down the tracks
Person A pretty young lady standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
Person a rider dressed in white riding a matching white motorcycle 
Food Airplane food is shown on the small gray tray.
Indoor A group of teddy bears with princess crowns on.
Sports some young people are flying a kite in the air
Accessory The president of the United States walking beside a building.
Food A skier sitting on a picnic table and eating a doughnut. 
Animal a man and a cat looking inside a fridge
Sports a man in a baseball uniform standing with his mit on
Person A female tennis player is posed and ready for the ball to come.
Person A group of people sitting on a bench near a lake.
Person A picture of two motorcross people skidding in the dirtroad.
Electronic A old television set is displaying an old computer game in front of two bookshelves.
Food Twp cake pans sitting and cooling on the stove
Indoor A woman is air drying a young child's hair. 
Person An Adidas advertisement depicts a male and a female tennis player on the court.
Kitchen ai man and a woman playing with a wii
Sports A woman holding a baseball bat having her photo taken
Vehicle Fighter Jet with afterburners on flying almost vertically.
Electronic a baby laying on a floor near a cell phone
Accessory A clock that is standing on a table.
Furniture An apple, a phone, and a cup sitting on a table. 
Person A grassy field with kites being flown above
Kitchen A man standing in a kitchen preparing a meal.
Person The player lies extended on a tennis court.
Kitchen A small bathroom where the vanity is over the sink and toilet.
Furniture A black leather sofa in a large living room.
Vehicle A Public Parking Payment booth in a lot.
Sports Two people climbing up a mountain, getting ready to ski.
Person A parked red motor bike on a lot.
Furniture Group of people sending around photography equipment and a living room. 
Accessory a group of people on some horses that are standing on a road.
Vehicle A square reflective glass building sitting next to a street light.
Sports Man preforming stunt on skateboard outside in the city.
Animal A dog that is laying down on a bed.
Person A little girl kneeling down to pet two dogs on a leash.
Kitchen An empty clean kitchen with cabinetry, stove and dishwasher.
Person A man cutting a ribbon at a ceremony 
Indoor A small bowl that has tomatoes in it.
Animal A zebra eating grass in a grassy yard
Person A group of women playing video games together
Person A Chinese street showing business signs hanging over the store fronts.
Sports a skateboarder in a black shirt is doing a trick
Person A man with a bald head and glasses is sitting while holding up a cell phone. 
Sports A water skier performing a trick while flying through the air.
Outdoor The woman is bending over to pick something up off of the ground.
Sports a man wearing an orange shirt holding up a tiny kite
Person A woman standing in a kitchen touching a pile of carrots.
Person Two people wearing helmets riding motor bikes in the woods.
Outdoor A young male sitting on a park bench typing on a laptop. 
Indoor Teddy bear holding a hammer in front of block set
Furniture a child blows out the candles on a birthday cake.
Person a person standing near a stove in a kitchen 
Outdoor A fire hydrant and some cars on the side of the street.
Indoor Cars driving by an old building and clock tower.
Appliance A bathroom with sheer curtains framing the tub
Kitchen A nice setup of stuffed bears having a picnic. 
Person A couple equipped with umbrella hats taking a break from walking their dog on a bridge on a rainy day.
Electronic The large bathroom has four sinks and a chandelier.
Sports An over head shot of a young person surfing on a surfboard. 
Kitchen A plate with a sandwich on it and a side salad and drink.
Vehicle Black and white photo bicycle with sidewalk and umbrellas
Furniture A white plate with a pile of food on it.
Sports There is a man holding a baseball bat in his hands.
Kitchen A living room with a loveseat and chairs surrounding a table.
Electronic A den with a couch, ottoman, television and windows.
Vehicle A bus is parked next to the sidewalk.
Person A man is flying a kite at the beach.
Animal There is a car parked in the handicapped spot.
Sports Kite with a person's face designed on it is floating in the water
Outdoor Lone stop sign at small intersection in a cemetery of castes.
Indoor Multiple pairs of scissors attached by a beaded metal string. 
Person A man purses his lips while holding up an orange in front of his face.
Person A guy in a green shirt holding his cell phone to take a picture.
Vehicle A silver and blue passenger train traveling through a heavily vegetated area.
Person Man in a dress shirt and tie looks in front of him. 
Electronic there is a baseball player that has just hit the ball
Sports Tennis player serving  a tennis ball on a clay court
Indoor Tall stone tower building and beautiful blue sky.
Vehicle A small red sign that says whoa in a stop sign shape.
Person In the Asian market, one can find residents, tourists, and domestic animals. 
Food A young woman holding a freshly pulled carrot up in the air.
Accessory several beach umbrellas folded in front of a large house with lots of windows
Food A bunch of bananas hangs from a post in a covered area.
Person A woman holding a red book in her hand while sitting on a bed. 
Sports A man holding onto a yellow frisbee while having long hair.
Sports A man in a blue shirt laying next to a yellow surfboard.
Person a group of people sitting around a long table while eating from plates of food 
Person A tow truck pulls a large crate down a mountain pass as crowds watch.
Vehicle The airplane is flying near a cloud in the sky. 
Vehicle Rear view of a man with a sack walking on railroad track next to a train.
Person People walking by a building with a unique drainpipe.
Person A horse standing near a wood fence being looked at through a camera lens
Person COWS WALKING ALONG THE BEACH, AND PEOPLE OUT IN THE WATER
Sports A porch with several wind catchers hung from hooks. 
Food A plate with a hot dog covered in chili on it.
Animal An exhibit of a bear and it's cub.
Person a guy and a girl posing for a picture
Indoor A bathroom with a spa tub, sink, toilet, yellow stripes on the floor, and flower decorations on the walls.
Outdoor City dwellers walk by as a homeless man begs for cash.
Kitchen A bowl filled with salad and plates of food.
Furniture A pizza sitting on a table, with a couple slices on it.
Animal Two sexy young women sitting on a metal bench in front of flowers.
Kitchen a close up of a hot dog on a plate with drinks near by
Sports Two people cross country skiing in a valley.
Vehicle A bomb squad emergency vehicle has stopped in the middle of an intersection. 
Electronic A man cutting up his meal before consumption.
Food A bunch of vegetables cooking in a pot.
Vehicle Group of young adults eating pizza and drinking beer at a restaurant. 
Accessory A group of people walking down a street next to tall buildings.
Appliance A bath and toilet in a small room.
Person A dog is herding sheep in a field.
Electronic Man brushing his teeth and looking at his phone.
Person A woman poses for a photo as she sits on a chair with an umbrella
Electronic Two computers sitting on top of a desk.
Furniture A couple of people sitting in chairs behind an airplane.
Animal An old man walking a big brown cow around.
Food Oranges and two jars of an orange substance on a wooden table.
Animal a border collie runs around a small herd of cows in the yard 
Sports A baseball player waiting to hit the baseball.
Vehicle A canal of water with many small boats.
Person A group of people sitting around a table.
Person a guy showing another guy a base ball bat
Furniture A couple in the kitchen with a birthday cake.
Animal A bear walking along a path in the woods.
Person A wall that has a wavy light patterns on it.
Sports A man standing next to a child in a green boat.
Outdoor A man standing next to another person in a wheel chair.
Person A surfer coming in on a large wave.
Furniture A couple of cats laying on top of a pink blanket.
Vehicle A blue and white train traveling down tracks near a building.
Animal A white horse standing in a corral looking on.
Sports A pitcher follows through with his pitching motion.
Furniture A full view of a classroom with students and politicians.
Outdoor A picture of a street light and sign showing the street names.
Person Antique hand painted urn on display in store.
Vehicle A group of people who are standing outside by a plane and a car.
Kitchen A group of people sitting at a table eating food.
Vehicle A couple of people getting ready to go boating.
Food A glass bowl filled with prunes and bananas.
Vehicle A large brown and black dog laying on the back of a boat.
Electronic A train with headlights traveling on a track past pedestrians.
Indoor In a classroom school lunch for the school boys.
Person A man that is standing next to a bicycle in the grass.
Kitchen A full dressed marine is looking at his cell phone.
Outdoor A traffic light with a one way sign near a trash can.
Food A large pizza sitting on a pizza pan with a slice missing.
Indoor a teddy bear, a potted plant and a portrait
Food A cappuccino with a plate of banana slices on bread. 
Person A group of people standing around sheep on a field.
Person Two boys sit on chairs and play video games.
Sports A woman in a wet suite carrying a surf board.
Person People flying a kite on a sandy beach near a body of water.
Accessory Two men smiling and wearing yellow jackets behind construction markers.
Vehicle A group of foot ball players standing on top of a football field.
Person A man carries his surfboard near incoming waves.
Kitchen A nicely set dining table filled with food and a cake topped with berries.
Appliance A bow of food set next to a sink inside of a kitchen
Person A man sitting on a bench surrounded by pigeons.
Vehicle a police on a motorcycle on the side of the road
Person Paddle boats parked at the edge of a river or lake 
Outdoor A group of people standing around each other in skis.
Furniture A man in a black jacket is flipping through a large book.
Appliance A pizza chef putting a pizza in an oven in a professional kitchen.
Animal A giraffe standing in the middle of  a lush green field.
Accessory A guy sits at a table with an umbrella hat. 
Kitchen A group of friends hanging out in a kitchen together.
Furniture People playing the Wii together in  a room.
Animal A big cat laying down on a remote.
Furniture Smiling, bespectacled female officer on a phone call
Electronic Pizza on a cutting board is next to goblets with a beer bottle.
Furniture People are walking along a sidewalk in a city.
Kitchen A person on a cell phone in a group of people.
Kitchen a bottle a cup a keyboard a laptop and a monitor
Electronic Cat sitting on recliner back in room facing the television
Animal An up close shot of a seagull flying in front of the beach
Animal The Bear is on the rocks has a fish in the mouth. 
Furniture A refrigerator and freezer placed next to one another.
Animal A man and two dogs on the beach.
Accessory A train approaching a station with a man and a bike on it. 
Sports A young girl running with a kite in a field.
Electronic A corner of a living room with a TV in it.
Food A big tasty looking pizza with some toppings and soda.
Furniture A good lookign dish of food is arrange don a plate
Food a lady using a knife and fork to cut a pizza
Kitchen A close up of a table with food, bowls and cups.
Person A man walks a dog past rows of chairs outside a store.
Vehicle A train riding on a track near a platform. 
Indoor a man sittig by a table taking of photo of his food 
Accessory A train stops at the station while people hurry to get on.
Sports Two baseball players standing on the field during a game. 
Animal Two men are standing near the pasture of cows.
Person A blue train traveling past a train station next to a lush green mountain.
Food A half eaten meal sitting on a plate.
Furniture A white plate with a donut and napkin sculpture.
Accessory a woman with a tie smoking a cigarette with a big smile
Person A black motorcycle on street in front of a grey sports car.
Person A baseball player in an orange jersey taking a swing.
Accessory A person on a ski slope getting ready to ski down.
Indoor TWO PEOPLE ARE WALKING NEAR A MINI TRUCK IN A STREET.
Accessory A group pauses to mingle and relax while skiing.
Vehicle A motorized cart fills a train with luggage
Electronic A large glass window in a living room.
Vehicle A computer is sitting on a home office work desk.
Sports A man in a wheel chair who is holding a baseball bat.
Kitchen A woman in a bathroom blow drying her hair.
Animal a big brown bear standing in an open field next to some rocks
Animal Cat standing on a toilet seat looking at the person taking the photo.
Food Three women are standing outside of Chiquita Banana.
Person Man sitting in snow with snowboard attached to shoes. 
Person People walking down a city street lined with brick buildings.
Appliance A cream colored bathroom is clean and empty.
Person The skier takes off down the steep hill
Sports A group of people standing on a field playing disc golf.
Animal a white red and gray boat some people a bird and some water
Person two surf boars on a beach near the water 
Kitchen A glass full of juice with an orange slice sticking out of it.
Animal A dog and cat are sleeping together on an orange couch.
Person A person holds an umbrella in the middle of a rode. 
Kitchen A man puts a red bottle up to his mouth.
Person a person on skis doing a trick over the snow 
Outdoor People in cars, on bikes, and walking near city buildings.
Furniture A counter with cakes, food and serving utensils. 
Person A man crossing the street in front of a bus stop.
Accessory A lush green field full of yellow umbrellas.
Food A box of six pastries containing two chocolate doughnuts, one strawberry, one glaze, and two glazed crullers.
Appliance A bathroom with a round sink and red tile backsplash
Outdoor A busy city intersection on a cloudy day.
Kitchen A cutting board with pizza and a glass of wine
Food Three female workers stand in front of rows of pastries. 
Vehicle Series of light decorations at a city center with a tree and a clock tower. 
Vehicle A train pulling into the station in a city.
Outdoor A fire hydrant near a hiking trail outside.
Sports A dog that is jumping in the air looking at a frisbee.
Sports A batter up to bat at a baseball game.
Kitchen two people outside sitting on chairs with planes around them.
Kitchen Two bowls of a meat and vegetable dish
Sports A group of men standing next to each other.
Animal Cat sitting up with a fake tie around it's neck.
Animal Black and white photograph of a dog sleeping in the middle of a living room
Vehicle A motorcycle is sitting outside near some plants.
Vehicle A hydrant is shown on the side of the walkway.
Person A man helps a disabled baseball player on the mound.
Outdoor a short fire hydrand sitting by the curb of a weedy street
Person People sitting by the windows in a train.
Sports A town square that has a skateboarding ramp that a boy is using.
Sports A man in a black suit surfing a large wave
Vehicle A commuter train stops at a train station for passengers.
Sports A blue and white surfboard resting against a wheelbarrow in a backyard.
Vehicle A plane is flying away from the airport
Person A student works on an academic paper at her desk, computer screen glowing in the background.
Person A woman of Asian heritage eating a sandwich at a table with two cups of hot beverages.
Person a couple of cars are driving down a city street
Animal A giraffe eats from a feeder on a fence.
Animal a number of giraffes in a field near one another 
Accessory there is a red fire hydrant with a chain that is attached to it
Indoor A sheet with a flower designed is next to an actual vase. 
Indoor The woman sits on the curb writing on a notepad near a fire hydrant. 
Person A woman wearing a skirt shows off her tatttoos
Outdoor A bomb squad vehicle in the middle of an intersection.
Animal a dog on a couch in a living room 
Indoor Lots of people at a long table eating, drinking and smiling
Outdoor A skateboarder grinds down a railing in front of buildings.
Electronic A bedroom suite with balcony and  lovely view
Person People crossing a busy city street full of vehicles.
Animal Two giraffes standing in a dry landscape gaze to the side. 
Indoor Street scene with USA and Mexican flags flying from building above restaurant tables on sidewalk.
Animal A person taking a picture with a cell phone of them and a dog in a mirror.
Electronic A living area with a bed, chair and window.
Furniture a girl toddler laying on a day bed 
Person A man standing on top of a structure under a cloudy sky.
Indoor The enveloping of an outside town in the picture. 
Person A cat is sitting on top of a laptop.
Accessory Covered seating in front of a restaurant by a lake.
Food A plate of two slices of pizza and a cup of juice.
Sports Man on skies on snow covered slope area.
Animal two elephants walking in a field near a tree
Indoor The large room has a wooden table with chairs and a couch.
Kitchen The bust of a man's head is next to a vase of flowers.
Sports A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.
Furniture A chair in the corner on a boat.
Animal A couple of birds walk through a field of tall grass near a sail boat harbor.
Furniture A cluttered room filled with a tv and a kitchen. 
Vehicle An empty city bus travels down a city street.
Food A camera showing a picture of someone touching a cupcake.
Sports Batter taking swing at ball at home plate during sanctioned game.
Vehicle A book mobile bus from a library sitting by a street side.
Person Large assortment of kites on large field at outdoor event.
Furniture A sandwich and iced beverage lunch at Starbucks
Outdoor A group of people gather at a picnic table beneath a tree.
Accessory A train station with an awning is depicted with a train on the right platform.
Person Two girls are holding a huge stuffed bear near a crowd of kids.
Animal A sheep is being carried up a hill.
Person Traffic moves on a busy urban street with a crane in the background. 
Kitchen A place setting, including a burger, fries, a glass and condiments..
Furniture A modern looking commode in a very tiny bathroom. 
Person A man and a woman riding on a motorcycle are getting ready to hit the road.
Kitchen A cart full of many types of different food.
Outdoor A night scene with silhouettes of buildings and some traffic lights over a street
Food The meal of chicken and rice has green brocolli with it.
Person Chef at counter with baked goods, baking pans and containers of toppings.
Person A woman is posing for a picture on the snowy mountain.
Person A person holding an object in front of a panda bear.
Electronic A man and woman playing a wii game.
Furniture A table with laptops, monitor screens, keyboards, mice, phone handsets and    chairs
Animal two elephants grazing in the grass behind a fence
Animal A baby giraffe sucking down a bottle of milk .
Indoor A man kneeling down in front of a refrigerator.
Kitchen a group of children gathered around an adult in a military uniform showing them a cell phone.
Accessory A crowd of people standing around a bus next to a parked jetliner.
Electronic A beautiful woman standing on the side of a rad next to a street.
Furniture A man and woman eating doughnuts out of a box at a coffee shop.
Appliance A bathroom with a toilet, window and tub in it.
Furniture Food trucks are parked around small oval tables.
Electronic Cluttered work space includes computer and tea kettle
Animal a wagon that is being pulled by some horse
Animal a bunch of giraffes are in a large pin
Person Two people are in a wheelchair and only one of them is holding a racket.
Appliance A white toilet sitting inside of a bathroom next to a sink.
Person A park bench next to a tree in grassy field.
Person People flying kites in a park next to a lake.
Sports Two tennis players are facing each other over a tennis net.
Furniture Variety of foods displayed on large wooden table.
Animal A domestic farm animal in a shaded area of vegetation.
Furniture The tennis player looks solemn holding his racket.
Animal A dog leaping into the air to catch a frisbee.
Animal A woman sits on a bench as people walk down a sidewalk. 
Person A person is laying on the bathroom floor in front of toilet.
Person A man behind farm equipment pulled by horses
Vehicle A car on a road passes a standing elephant.
Accessory A woman holding a teddy bear riding a bike with friends
Food A man posing for the camera, eating a piece of cake.
Person Some type of vehicle with a number on its side is pared inside a garage.
Animal A green pasture with a single brown horse.
Person A woman standing under trees by a field.
Person A television is mounted inside of a cow figurine. 
Electronic A man is doing a skateboard trick in a city.
Person a boy with a baseball glove and ball
Furniture A man and a woman cutting into a cake with a knife.
Vehicle THERE IS A BOAT THAT IS COMING DOWN THE RIVER 
Indoor A woman waiting on a bench on the sidewalk as people go by. 
Food Two unripe oranges growing on a tree. 
Furniture A person with a piece of pizza over a plate.
Vehicle A man in a red jacket holding an umbrella outside near a harbor. 
Furniture a man in glasses with a gown seated on a table
Person a man in a white suit standing in front of some bushes 
Indoor A girl with some food and drink at a table.
Person Two trains parked on the tracks near a platform.
Kitchen Yellow box truck parked on busy street in city.
Outdoor A man on a piece of equipment resembling a bicycle that has very large wheels.
Animal An orange cat sitting on top of a computer desk.
Outdoor A group of young women sitting next to each other under an umbrella.
Sports Two tennis players consult with the referee during a tennis match. 
Accessory A picture of a man wearing a suit, hat, and sunglasses.
Electronic The cat is setting in front of the TV.
Accessory A hot dog cart across from the Radio City Music Hall.
Indoor a close up of a person brushing her teeth in the bathroom
Kitchen People eating meal consisting of eggs, lettuce, tomatoes, nuts, and a leafy food wrapped in a tortilla.
Animal A giraffe stands in the middle of a sandy area.
Electronic A living room with hard wood floors and a book shelf.
Person The man is waring a colorful tie and a dark jacket.
Indoor Two different shaped white vases on a rack.
Electronic two motorcycles line up as they lean against some seats 
Indoor There is a stuffed animal sitting on the toliet.
Animal A giraffe hangs its neck low in a large field.
Furniture A glass of milk next to a round purple vase.
Person A group of children are holding various stuffed animals and dolls.
Person Person driving a plated motorcycle on a track with people watching.
Furniture A woman holding up a tennis racket during a match.
Accessory A group of four older men posing for a photo.
Furniture a young man sitting in front of a computer screen and laptop wearing headphones
Vehicle A kitten is walking next to a parked bike inside.
Vehicle Street scene with USA and Mexican flags flying from building above restaurant tables on sidewalk.
Vehicle A car is seen through the rain soaked window. 
Person A man laying on the street playing with a soccer ball while people look on
Person Several fishing vessels docked at the docks in harbor.
Person A man on his phone is on a red bench.
Furniture Two kids are playing baseball in Wii Sports
Outdoor a couple of signs are on a wood pole
Furniture a woman is giving a baby a bottle while others are congregated in the kitchen
Kitchen A baby looking over a fathers shoulder watching other people eat.
Kitchen A baseball player holds his bat and waits for the pitch. 
Furniture A counter stands in the center of a kitchen.
Indoor A desk with a vase containing flowers, a sculpture of a man's head and shelves behind it.
Person A LITTLE GIRL IS RUNNING WITH HER KITE IN A OPEN FIELD
Person THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A DIRTY TOIET 
Accessory A girl is taking a picture of people fishing.
Appliance Two pizza pies sitting atop a stove getting ready to be cut.
Accessory A windblown inverted umbrella mounted on a pole with city buildings behind.
Kitchen A four compartment tray holding various food items.
Furniture A dog sitting inside a cage, in the dirt.
Food The hands of a couple that is cutting a wedding cake.
Electronic There is a plate filled with pastries next to a keyboard.
Food A white plate topped with a cut in half sandwich and a salad.
Kitchen A plate of cheese bread next to bread sticks and wine.
Electronic A woman on a cell phone with a bag.
Accessory A king bead and chair with lamps in a hotel room.
Person Man with food items walking on sidewalk while listening to audio.
Electronic A vodafone sitting on a table next to a Mac laptop.
Electronic A group of three men standing next to each other.
Sports Several people are skiing on a snow covered field.
Kitchen A group of people gather around a glass drinking wine.
Person A large sign with neon green wording sitting on the side of a road.
Vehicle a close up of a dog on a boat 
Indoor two teddy bear on the arden with some decorations
Sports there is a man wearing a plad shirt riding a skateboard
Kitchen An entertainment room set up with a table for two for coffee
Animal A group of giraffes drink water in the wilderness.
Person a man in a white lab coat holding a hacksaw
Kitchen Two plates of breakfast food and a glass of juice.
Indoor There is a stuffed bear on a white floor
Person A shot of a road in a city with a no peddling sign.
Person a person on a tennis court in tennis wear 
Furniture a bathroom with a fancy toilet in it
Electronic A person using a photo filter holding a samsung cell phone.
Person there is a woman holding a umbrella walking in the snow
Electronic Computer with two screens showing both screens and the keyboard.
Vehicle Night scene of a party outside showing man on a bike and a blender on the ground.
Accessory An older man in a tuxedo standing next to a younger man in a tuxedo wearing glasses.
Accessory a person standing next to a pile of luggage bags
Person there is a small puppy on the kitchen floor
Kitchen Man in a crowd of people with a skateboard.
Furniture Two urinals and a sink in a bathroom.  
Furniture Tennis players in a court playing couples tennis.
Vehicle A freight train riding on tracks through a forested area.
Person The two young girls are petting the two goats.
Person A couple of women playing a game of tennis on a tennis court.
Accessory Several people standing on a sidewalk under an umbrella.
Accessory a person with a black umbrella standing in the middle of the road
Outdoor a stop light that is next to some trees and grass
Food A large round cake is sitting on a plate.
Sports A para sailor with his board with sail in the surf.
Kitchen An orange room with a bookcase, chairs, and a TV.
Kitchen A bowl with a bunch of food in it sitting on a table
Electronic A women in a blue shirt cuddles up with her cat
Person Several people posing in a field while holding frisbees.
Animal A dog jumping through the air into a pool.
Animal Several birds on a perch with some bananas.
Furniture A full size bed with mosquito netting above, all in neutral colors.
Kitchen She happily downs another piece of their pizza.
Person A bike parked in front of a parking meter.
Person Two surfers in wetsuits carrying surfboards along the beach.
Outdoor a man that is standing next to a traffic light
Indoor A YOUNG GIRL EATING PIZZA DRESSED AS A EGYPTION
Person A male skateboarder that an ollie off the curb of a snowy street.
Person A bus driving down a street next to a SUV.
Kitchen A woman and a small child watch a train as it passes.
Person a hand holding a gray and blue clock and some peoples legs
Indoor A man looking through a book on top of a table.
Outdoor A road in the middle of a beautiful green forest
Kitchen A man in a gray shirt holds his phone as he sits by a man in a white t-shirt.
Vehicle some people sitting behind a line of motorcycles 
Person The train is approaching and a man is getting off his bicycle.
Sports Two people on a snow covered hill with skis.
Animal The elephant family is walking down the road.
Person A man sitting at a desk on a laptop computer.
Indoor a tall tower with a clock on top with buildings near by
Person A bus with destination signs drives around a curve where children stand.
Furniture A row of toilets with broken seat tops on the ground.
Animal A gray cat lying on a desk near a telephone.
Food A hamburger and fries that are on a tray.
Food A panned sliced pizza and a bike shaped cutter.
Kitchen A small pizza and beverage sitting on a wooden table.
Food There is a cup of pepsi, And a plate of food.
Furniture A small bathroom has a sink and a storage rack over the toilet.
Sports A girl is playing tennis and is going to pitch the ball. 
Person Woman showing delight with plated chocolate desert dish .
Person Two people are smiling holding empty wine glasses.
Outdoor people standing on a platform next to a train at night 
Vehicle This boat has docked next to a wooden pier
Kitchen A bird walking on a tiled floor in a cafeteria
Vehicle People are in a parking lot  beside the water, while a train is in the background.
Animal Giraffes leaning down to drink at a watering hole
Person A white and blue bus is on a city street at night.
Person a male and female a cake and a candle
Furniture Two dishes of food and several blue arrows.
Sports A person skiing in an open area of snow.
Electronic A laptop computer sits on a desk with scissors.
Food A bowl full of chinese food with a fork
Sports A man on a surfboard surfing a wave in the ocean.
Person some people are flying kites and one male has a red tie on 
Indoor A woman wearing glasses poses behind her birthday cake. 
Person a girl sitting on a skateboard in the driveway
Person A young man riding a bike on top of a beach.
Person Frizzy haired guy standing at a keyboard listening to the music.
Animal Outdoor show with sheep prominent on grass field.
Furniture A tennis player is jumping in the air at a tennis match.
Person A woman walking next to a man riding a pink bike.
Indoor A woman smiling for the camera in front of a wall clock
Person A man in a suit poses for the camera.
Food a big sandwich on a small silver plate with a bowl of broth on the side
Person a man jumping skis at a ski area
Person A white passenger train passing a parking lot at night.
Sports A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
Appliance A family kitchen cluttered with items on the counters
Vehicle A motorcycle parked in front of a building.
Animal A person holds a phone in a car with the window rolled down
Food A man and little girl are in a kitchen looking at cakes.
Vehicle A dog sitting in a basket mounted on the front of a blue bike.
Food A hotdog with mustard and ketchup on a white oval plate.
Animal A large set of horses carrying a carriage down a street.
Indoor A closet with several suit cases stacked up near some videos.
Furniture Several people standing around and a black dog with a collar walking around.
Accessory three people in a small boat holding an umbrella
Kitchen a man holding a piece of pizza in front of a kid 
Person Two people on a snow covered hill with skis.
Indoor An old man sitting on a bench in a public park.
Person A woman in a red jacket skiing down a slope
Furniture A table with plates of sandwiches and fruit.
Vehicle a horse is pulling a carriage with people down a street
Outdoor a beautiful red bud tree full of flowers under a stop light 
Indoor The clock shown above has someone's name on it.
Furniture A man and woman look into each others eyes while getting married.
Vehicle A row of four trick Navy Planes flying in sequence.
Vehicle The view of a metropolitan area behind many buses.
Indoor A room filled with furniture and very large rugs.
Person a close up of a plate of food 
Animal a dog that is standing on top of a truck
Accessory two teenagers playing in a grassy field while a fribee flies their way
Person A picture of a person playing in a tennis game.
Furniture A large modern kitchen has pineapples on the counter.
Food A pizza with several vegetable toppings sitting on a storage tub.
Sports a person is going up a snow covered mountain
Appliance A silver oven that is next to some silver shelves. 
Person A large group of people flying kites beside a body of water
Furniture A woman holding a white and brown cat.
Food A woman eating a piece of pizza standing next to a man.
Appliance A toilet and sink that is in a bathroom.
Food a table that has some food on top of it
Accessory A traffic light on the intersection of a city, with a large building and a bicyclist in the background.
Vehicle A white bus parked next to a sidewalk near a fence.
Accessory A crowd of people with umbrellas on a street.
Electronic A man and a woman playing a game
Person A person taking a picture with a cell phone of them and a dog in a mirror.
Accessory A person stands and shows his tie off.
Accessory A man is riding a motorcycle on a city street. 
Person A man sitting at a table eating food from a plate.
Kitchen A couple is dressed in black and the male has a drink.
Accessory Several items including two surf boards on the beach
Furniture A plate with a banana and slices of cheese.
Vehicle A small, single person aircraft sits on the runway.
Outdoor Several cars parked in a lot in a city.
Accessory A man in a suit and tie wearing a hat.
Kitchen A table with several dishes on it with a television.
Indoor A woman in white mans the camera that is recording the meeting.
Animal A black and white cat sitting on a bench reaching for a toothbrush on a table.
Vehicle A group of people are walking and one is holding an umbrella.
Food Someone feeding a goat a piece of carrot. 
Sports A woman playing tennis and holding a racquet in her hand.
Outdoor A man sitting on a bench with a shopping bag next to him on a train.
Kitchen A meal is lying on a plate on a table.
Food A group of slightly bruised banana's in a bowl.
Electronic A security officer using a segway as a footrest
Sports A group of children sitting in the grass with two of them holding a Frisbee .
Outdoor A man swinging a bat on top of a baseball field.
Animal a person standing next to cows behind containers
Furniture A black and white cat laying next to a  black cat on a computer keyboard.
Sports A couple of people playing a weird game of tennis frisbee.
Person Baseball players engaged in a baseball game. 
Sports A little girl looking down the hill with her skies.
Animal a close up of a cat laying on a desk
Person Young children playing game on wooden deck surface.
Vehicle Crowd standing outside of a bike show event.
Sports A man standing on a clay tennis court with a racquet.
Food Broccoli, carrots and a small amount of potatoes on a plate.
Vehicle A city bus drives through a city area.
Kitchen Bathroom with a white tiled floor and sink.
Indoor A great shot of a very nice and large city somewhere.
Animal A brown horse with blonde hair standing in an open field.
Animal Three zebras standing together in a grassy field.
Person Several men are playing soccer on a field.
Animal Four giraffes sticking their heads through a hole in some large rocks.
Vehicle A cargo train crossing under an overpass and switching tracks. 
Accessory The woman who has bought her groceries is crossing the street.
Food A lap top computer next to a computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.
Furniture A boy is blowing his candles on his ninth birthday.
Furniture A man in a white shirt and gray pants walks toward a grassy area as kids in baseball uniforms and an umpire are near him.
Food A small ham and pineapple pizza on a plate next to a spicy pepper shaker.
Person A man surfing beside a bird on a cloudy day
Appliance A wall mounted with a list and other papers.
Sports There is no image to describe for this question.
Accessory Two women in winter types clothes sitting at a train station
Electronic A room full of shelving and many supplies
Food A meal, coffee, pictures and a notebook on a table.
Kitchen A plate with a slice of pizza sits on a table.
Animal A giraffe standing next to a leaf free tree.
Kitchen Two people sitting at a table with a pizza pie.
Furniture A group of people sitting down at a dining room table next to dishes.
Furniture A laptop on a table outside a balcony overlooking the ocean.
Furniture A bathroom with a toilet, a plant, a stand and several footwear on the floor. 
Vehicle Group of men taking their suitcases out of a car. 
Person Smoke is billowing over the large billboard sign.
Outdoor The train is traveling down the railroad tracks. 
Furniture A person standing in a room looking at the t.v. screen. 
Person boy on ski slope talking on cell phone.
Sports A small boy rides a skateboard down the walkway.
Accessory The skiers stood on top of the mountain.
Furniture The man is sitting down posing for a picture.
Animal A man is spraying an elephant with a water hose.
Person Vehicle traffic on a hilly street in a small town.
Furniture A woman sitting at a table while eating food.
Animal a black goat standing next to two white goats 
Person Her long legs propel her high enough to hit the tennis ball.
Person A plate of half eaten pizza, and salad.
Vehicle A large clock on the side of a building above cars on the street.
Outdoor People walking on sidewalk with yellow fire hydrant nearby
Person Cows stand in line at a far as people look at them.
Food Two women in a room with one of them holding a cake.
Electronic The desk has two monitors and one laptop on it.
Kitchen Several students sit at a conference table with their laptops.
Outdoor A large blue bus is driving down a crowded street.
Furniture Two men biting a surfboard with a shark on it. 
Food A table with five red cups, a pineapple and some oranges on a plate
Animal People riding on horses as the run on a beach. 
Person The old woman is in the kitchen ready to make food
Animal Two zebra run through tall grass near a wooded area.
Animal A lazy zebra lays in the straw near a rocky field.
Kitchen A table topped with three mugs of beer and two pizza's.
Furniture Chair at a desk in the corner with lamp, monitor, keyboard and mouse on top.
Person A woman walking past a shop filled with merchandise.
Person A series of photos of two plates with different desserts and another plate with a cup of coffee.
Food a plate of meat topped with potatoes veggies and gravy
Vehicle Two men in orange vests are next to a train.
Indoor Small residential bath room decorated in wood tones
Kitchen there are two people that are standing in a farmers market
Kitchen Fancy food on a plate on a wooden table.
Person a tennis player with a racket on a court 
Person A train station with an awning is depicted with a train on the right platform.
Person Adults enjoying game of badminton on grassy field.
Vehicle A person sits on a park bench overlooking a large field.
Furniture Two twin beds with no comforters on them.
Person A person on a bench with a laptop in a park
Person A television set is on next to a bottle of water.
Kitchen One tray of rice and a tray of fruits and veggies.
Person A man races a horse on a dirt track.
Vehicle A man is surrounded by fast food at a restaurant booth.
Sports A person on field with a Frisbee in their hand.
Accessory The man in the business suit wears a striped blue and white tie.
Vehicle A couple of people under a large umbrella.
Furniture A man sits on the couch and is on laptop and phone.
Animal A man feeding four giraffes grass and leaves.
Food A tree has dying leaves and apples in a forest.
Person A baseball player taking a swing at a ball
Furniture A small bathroom with a white toilet next to a shower curtain covered bath tub.
Person A person on a surfboard is surfing on a crashing wave.
Animal A man is standing on top of two horses and holding the reigns.
Person Small personal pizza on a crust made of rice.
Indoor A man refreshing fake flowers in vases on a crypt wall
Accessory Girl on bicycle on road in front of large building. 
Furniture a white stuffed bear is dressed up in some gear
Sports A man doing a trick upside down on his snow board. 
Vehicle Two trains parked at a train station as passenger wait to board them.
Furniture a large bedroom with a fireplace and tv
Person A man playing tennis on a blue tennis court
Person A women in a hat, tank top, argyle boots, and socks sits beside stacked luggage.
Vehicle A train traveling through rural countryside lined with trees.
Furniture a painting of some colorful flowers on a table 
Person A crowd of people flying kites in a blue cloudy sky.
Furniture A laptop computer sitting on a quilt comforter on a bed.
Sports a girl that is on a tennis court with a racket
Person A Superman toy is lying face down on the table next to an empty plate of food.
Kitchen Fork holding the contents of different types of vegetables. 
Person Woman tennis player returning a tennis ball. 
Person Red clouds as sun sets over the ocean
Person aerial view of suitcases grouped together waiting on a sidewalk
Accessory A man with a red hat is in the city.
Animal The elephant walks on a big grass field.
Furniture There is a sandwich and lettuce on a plate
Person People are holding wine glasses next to each other.
Person A picture of a tv screen with two faces overlapping 
Animal A grey and white cat sits near a laptop.
Appliance A kitchen that has a large fridge and other appliances.
Person A person that is jumping in the sky on a snowboard.
Sports Two men playing a game of Frisbee in a field.
Outdoor a white and brown cat sitting alone on a bench 
Outdoor A neglected fire hydrant is standing next to a fence.
Indoor a wax head is looking out of a car window
Outdoor A beautiful woman standing on the side of a rad next to a street.
Sports A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball during a match.
Accessory THERE IS A PERSON ON THE BEACH 
Vehicle A very nice looking motorcycle with some long handle bars.
Person The plane is on the runway near the building.
Vehicle a white and red plane parked on a tarmac
Furniture A man sits on a chair and plays video games.
Furniture a guy showing another guy a base ball bat
Accessory Office setting with a lot of computer screens.
Person A red and yellow train is shown on the train tracks.
Appliance A kitchen with a table and four chairs.
Person A close-up of a table with three boxes of pizza.
Person a man on a field with a tennis racket in his hand
Kitchen The kitchen is filled with various cooking appliances.
Person Some pretty girls sitting on a blanket in the grass.
Electronic an attendant in a doughnut shop waiting on customers
Person a group of people waiting for the metro bus
Accessory A woman walking a bike down a walkway in a  train station.
Person A skateboarder does an impressive trick in the air.
Vehicle A group of people standing on top of a dirt field.
Person A little baby is getting a haircut in a pink chair.
Person The catcher races from behind homeplate onto the field.
Vehicle A man riding a skateboard on top of a cement rail.
Vehicle An oven is sitting outside in a dumpster.
Person a laptop on top of a table with a plate with food next to it.
Outdoor A red fire hydrant in front of a skyscraper
Person A man performing on a skateboard ramp jump.
Furniture A cat hides underneath the cover of blankets.
Furniture A dinner plate with beans, bones, and veggies. 
Furniture a living room with a couch a table and a panting
Indoor Red laptop on a table showing you can learn anywhere!
Outdoor An intersection with antique cars and a bus at it.
Outdoor an image of a parking lot meter on the street
Furniture A briefcase with decorated with stickers placed on a table.
Outdoor A fire hydrant is standing on a sidewalk with a person walking by.
Accessory A yellow red umbrella in a crowd of people.
Furniture A man and a woman eat doughnuts from a box.
Kitchen A man standing in front of a mirror in a room.
Animal A cat sitting on top of a D.V.D player. 
Sports Two people on beach holding surfboards under their arms.
Furniture The flowers inside of the case are wilting.
Person A person is holding an HP CD above a laptop computer.
Sports Group of teenagers playing with kits in the center of a group of buildings.
Food A bowl of cut up raw carrots and broccoli.
Person People in uniform standing in front of a bus.
Sports Frisbee in the air, a dog squatting looking up at it, and a man standing behind the dog watching it, on the grass with a tree.
Animal A dog looking away from the camera in the wind.
Indoor A cell phone and game case on a bed.
Vehicle Swan floating on a river in front of a boat.
Person  a man talking on a cell phone outside of a fast food place
Vehicle Two women standing in a train station looking at their phones. 
Kitchen A table topped with a train styled cake.
Person two people riding horses on a rock path
Vehicle a person sitting on a bench near many birds 
Vehicle A cat stands between two parked cars on a grassy sidewalk. 
Furniture The living room actually features several different colors.
Person A man standing with an elephant that has painted markings on it.
Sports A male tennis player jumping in the air while swinging his tennis racket, on a hard surface court, with a scoreboard behind him.
Person A baseball player hitting the ball during a baseball game.
Person A young man performing a trick on an ATV on a field.
Indoor Christmas lights strung from the clock tower next to a tall tree.
Sports A man in black shirt and white shorts on a tennis court.
Electronic A little girl playing with an interactive gaming unit.
Indoor bright red microwave sitting on the kitchen counter
Person A boy getting ready to blow out birthday candles with a girl watching.
Food A tray holding two plates with sandwiches and chips and a drink.
Accessory A woman with headphones in walking her white dog.
Furniture A person setting in a chair in a living room with a fireplace and windows.
Vehicle A goat alongside a house, trying to go through the bushes
Furniture A sandwich on a sesame seed bun next to a pile of french fries and a cup of ketchup.
Furniture Group of children and adults playing a video game.
Food An open market has a large table of bananas.
Sports A large white and red parasail in the blue sky. 
Accessory A lush green field full of people flying kites.
Furniture An elderly woman seated at a table holding three pizzas.
Person A picture of someone in the TV on the wall.
Person A pitcher for the Camden baseball team throws a pitch.
Person a group of people with kites in their hands.
Person The skier is upside down in the air.
Appliance A woman cooking on an old fashioned stove.
Person A person holding a remote facing several large screens.
Outdoor An automated pay station for a parking lot.
Indoor A view of a large well decorated living room.
Accessory People walking past a homeless man begging on a city street
Indoor A chair with a lot of stuffed animals on it sitting beside a small table.
Kitchen A multitude of pictures of Asian cuisine. 
Person A truck made to look like a train parked on the side of the road.
Person a group of boats parked next to a dock in the water
Food The gourmet pizza includes several very special ingredients.
Animal A cat that is sitting on a laptop.
Person A woman holding a young child looking at some giraffes
Kitchen a man sits on a couch with a couple of cats 
Outdoor A man opening a fire hydrant on a city side walk.
Person a man that is on a tennis court with a racket
Person Several male baseball players playing a game while fans watch
Person A man holding a tennis racquet in the yard 
Appliance there is a small steel fridge in this kitchen with wood tiles
Outdoor A newly married couple walking down a street.
Appliance The woman in the dress is holding her drink.
Accessory A group of people riding on top of a train.
Person A boy asleep on a large bed under a mosquito net
Electronic there is a adult that is holding a pink princess phone
Person A person is doing skateboard tricks on a rail.
Person The ten speed bike is attached to the pole.
Person A skier in a white jacket stands on a snowy slope.
Animal a small cat sits inside of a bathroom sink 
Furniture a white plate with a sandwich cut in half with ketchup and mustard
Kitchen A man sits by himself on a bench surrounded by pigeons. 
Person The child smiles brightly while being handed a pink umbrella. 
Accessory Several food trucks parked in an area that has tables and some chairs next to it.
Accessory Two men ride a big along a busy street.
Electronic A person holding a cell phone with multiple images of their hand holding the phone.
Animal Two dogs who are playing with a Frisbee. 
Outdoor Two cranes behind a stop sign and a street sign indicating Fort York Blvd.
Person People are playing with a tennis ball in a gym.
Animal A brown, white and black cat looking at a laptop.
Outdoor this woman is sitting on a wood bench
Furniture A little girl eating a slice of pizza in a room.
Person A boy swinging a baseball bat on a field near others.
Furniture A pair of chairs on a curb, and a man carrying a chair on the sidewalk.
Animal A very close shot of a cat's face in front of the camera. 
Indoor A bank sign that also has a clock attached to it.
Vehicle Some people riding some very nice looking motorcycles.
Vehicle A yellow bus traveling through a city with small buildings.
Indoor The laptop has an mp3 player next to it.
Appliance A bathroom sink is all piled up with toiletries.
Vehicle a brown horse is walking in between two cars
Animal a close up of a lot of animals with a fence
Indoor A teddy bear sitting in front of toy wooden shapes.
Kitchen A table with food and a glass of red wine.
Person Woman standing in a field of grass trying to use her cell phone.
Person Several people in a room having a meeting while someone is recording it.
Electronic Balcony overlooking beautiful site next to a tropical beach.
Vehicle Men race on wheeled vehicles towed by a group of husky dogs.
Furniture Three hot dogs with different toppings lined up on a tabletop.
Person A man and a woman stand next to each other in a kitchen.
Vehicle a bus travels down the street with many cars on a sunny day
Person A boy asleep with a cell phone on his face.
Appliance Kitchen appliances outside a building with yellow doors. 
Person Some cows that are wandering around a lot of pigeons.
Accessory A traffic light with an orange and a red having faces drawn on them.
Animal An orange dog sitting on a couch or chair, looking at the camera.
Furniture A row of wooden raid with various tools on them.
Kitchen A delicious looking meal of meat and potatoes.
Outdoor A couple of men standing next to each other.
Furniture a group of people sitting at a long dining table in a restaurant
Vehicle A city street with people crossing in front of a taxi 
Food a plate with a couple pieces of pizza sitting on it 
Person A pizza with a slice missing is sitting on a pizza stand.
Outdoor A man sits on a bench with a church in the background.
Person People walking around a snow covered park area.
Outdoor People are lined up along a train station waiting for a train.
Person Two girls are sitting on the edge of a boat looking at the water.
Appliance Small residential bath room decorated in wood tones
Kitchen some people at an outdoor shop and some different fruits
Sports This is a man fixing his kite with a woman on his left and a man to his back right.
Sports A couple of women are at the beach with surfboards
Person A man is squeezing orange juice from a pile of oranges.
Person Man in a hotel room about to bite into a large pastry.
Animal a man and woman on a patio riding a statue
Person THERE IS A WOMAN WALKING THE SIDE WALK
Person A flat screen TV adorns a bathroom mirror.
Furniture A couple celebrating a birthday in a kitchen.
Person The skier is jumping into the air above a half pipe. 
Appliance A kitchen with an oven, fridge and bowls on the table
Person A couple of men standing next to a truck.
Person There are people walking down the street that is crowd
Electronic A man holding a paper bag while showing the camera a toothbrush.
Furniture a couple of couches in a living room
Furniture A baby looking at a picture book while mother looks on.
Animal A group of people riding a trolley being pulled by a horse.
Furniture Two small children sit at the table and eat pizza
Furniture A toilet that has a novelty toilet seat and lid.
Accessory A crowd of people standing on snow covered ground.
Sports A man who is skiing performs a trick. 
Food A kitchen island has a farmhouse sink on it.
Accessory a blue boat is sitting in the water
Kitchen This is a picture of an extremely fancy desert.
Person A black and white photo of a man playing tennis.
Food A bunch pf different vegetables is on a crate next to a CSA pamphlet.
Outdoor A road that has signs, trees, and telephone poles near it.
Person A woman holding a Wii controller in the air. 
Sports A tennis player waits for the ball to be hit.
Accessory A man playing Wii on a large flat screen tv 
Kitchen Three men stand next to a car with its hood open.
Person A group of riders on horses in a field.
Animal A red fishing boat moving through the water.
Furniture A man sits on top of a toilet.
Sports Skier performing jump on high altitude ski slope.
Food A newly married couple cutting a cake in a park.
Sports a little girl wearing a base ball glove
Person A man without shirt on is throwing a frisbee.
Sports Just a little help from Mom will get his kite up in the air.
Kitchen A white cake topped with berries and a plate of fruit and cheeses.
Furniture Seven business people eating and talking around a dining table
Outdoor a long road with cars on both sides of it 
Indoor A vase filled with water and white flowers.
Vehicle A small red plane on a open road.
Person A young woman playing tennis on a grass tennis court.
Appliance A vase of flowers on a dining table.
Food A smiling man in a jungle holds a bunch of plant parts.
Electronic a room with a fire place and television inside of it 
Animal A mama elephant and her baby inside a fence.
Sports there are three pictures of a man hitting a tennis ball
Vehicle Four signs are stacked together under two others. 
Vehicle A group of cars and motorbike crowd the streets. 
Person A woman laying in a hospital bed hooked up to an IV and monitors.
Vehicle men staning in the street and holding cell phones
Kitchen A man watches TV from his couch in a living room
Animal A family of three elephants standing next to a forest.
Kitchen A woman standing in a  kitchen preparing food.
Accessory The man is loading luggage suitcases onto the cart in the parking lot. 
Electronic There is an iphone, a blue pen, and a soda
Kitchen a large group of people are gathered around the table
Sports A man on a court with a tennis racket.
Food I want the pizza that has extra cheese on it.
Furniture bowl of breakfast oatmeal with apples and a spoon
Vehicle A bus driving down a street next to a SUV.
Outdoor The wooden bench has tall grass around it near the water.
Furniture This is a display of various types of collectibles.
Person there is a adult that is holding a pink princess phone
Person A close shot of someone pointing to their cased Alltel phone. 
Accessory A woman is walking down the street with an umbrella in tow.
Furniture People using electronic devises all facing in the same direction.
Kitchen A machine in a factory with a blue chair sitting next to it.
Vehicle a man falls off his skateboard in a skate park.
Animal A horse in a pasture of tall grass observing an energetic dog.
Animal A lone bird soaring over a lush green valley.
Person Two young people are skateboarding on the ramp, trying to pull off tricks.
Indoor A brick clock tower ascending towards the heavens
Outdoor A train station with an awning is depicted with a train on the right platform.
Person A group of children pose for a class picture. 
Vehicle 2 people (a very tall person in a jacket and kilt and a short old man) standing in the rain under a very small black umbrella on a city corner 
Indoor There are two children sitting on the floor, one is a baby.
Food An Indian woman stands in front of a man selling his fruit
Kitchen There are several bowls with veggies in them
Indoor a park bench that has a teddy bear on it
Person a man wearing skis is posing for the camera
Outdoor a man performing a trick off of a curb
Outdoor it is snowing near a staircase and some walls with a light
Furniture A woman that is hold a device in her hand while standing on a court.
Accessory there are many different stores along this long hallway
Sports a man is swinging a baseball bat outside
Accessory A man looking down at a baseball bat that he is holding in his hands 
Vehicle A person holding a stick, pushing a boat near a bunch of bamboo reeds.
Furniture A woman about to serve a tennis ball at a tennis court.
Food A woman in a wedding dress with another woman in a suit behind
Sports a man on skis fly through the sky 
Person A man leads on the railing while food sits on the table.
Animal A large elephant and a baby elephant walking in tall grass.
Furniture A pizza with toppings served on a plate
Animal A black and white cat sitting on top of leaves.
Person A man standing in front of a brown horse near a small building
Indoor A phone and remote that are sitting on a bed.
Person two people on skis falling in the snow
Person a boat filled with people going down a river
Electronic A pear, cup, cell phone and paper on a table. 
Vehicle A pink bus with a duck advertisement on the side
Sports A baseball player holding a bat during a game. 
Animal A dog sleeping in the sand next to a beach mat.
Furniture An emo girl holding a smart phone with a shaved head.
Vehicle a reflection of a dog looking out a window in a side view mirror 
Indoor a glass vase with some flower coming out of it 
Vehicle a blue boat is sitting in the water
Vehicle Someone is standing near a train that is parked. 
Furniture Couple of empty chairs on the beach under an umbrella while people in the ocean
Vehicle A man an a girl riding a motorcycle on a city street.
Furniture A white toilet and sink in a room.
Person A tall building with four double decker buses driving along a parking lot.
Furniture Person reaching into a basket filled with doughnuts. 
Vehicle A small airplane is flying through the empty sky.
Kitchen A beautiful woman sitting at a table with two pizzas.
Sports A woman in a yellow shirt is about to catch a white frisbee.
Animal A giraffe walking about in a large enclosure. 
Accessory Buses lined up letting people aboard them. 
Vehicle Man with yellow helmet riding a yellow motorcycle
Kitchen A cat is laying on top of a laptop computer.
Sports A tennis player is swinging at a tennis ball.
Person Many people attend the ski event dressed in warm clothing.
Person A painting of men riding on motorcycles next to a gas station.
Person A bride and groom about to cut into their cake
Vehicle A sheep is walking along a wide field.
Vehicle A long red train traveling through snow covered country side.
Person Two men standing on the street wearing a suit and tie
Person A man covering his eyes while standing next to multiple boxes filled with bananas.
Furniture a woman is feeding food to this small child
Animal A view of a desktop computer that is online.
Accessory Person waiting on a train platform near a train.
Vehicle A large white airplane parked upon a runway
Person A statue of a man reading on a park bench.
Kitchen a desk with a laptop a tea pot and a cup
Food Cooked broccoli sitting on a plate with salmon.
Person Young girl dressed in pink with striped pants with one foot on skate board on typical suburban street.
Kitchen a desk with a computer  a laptop and monitor
Person A woman standing while holding a pole on snow
Outdoor a old green bench with a green chair beside it
Appliance a bathroom with white and black tile a sink and toilet
Furniture Two young people standing in a living room holding game controllers.
Person Man preforming a trick with a disk toy.
Accessory This is a picture of four stuffed animals.
Person Children are playing near a beach at sunset.
Accessory A group of people getting off of a bus.
Furniture a cute little kitty laying among stuffed animals
Food Several people are gathered at a reception with appetizers.
Kitchen A kitchen filled with a wooden cabinet and a large window.
Furniture A big shiny metal pan filled with some veggies.
Person There is a white horse pulling a trolley behind it.
Person A man and a dog riding in the cab of a pickup truck.
Person an image of a conveyer belt with donuts
Person Vintage street with cars and buses lining it
Person A woman sitting on the bow of a boat using a pole to pilot the boat.
Person a man and a woman are standing beside a red motorcycle
Furniture a toilet sits next to a brick wall 
Sports A person in a wet suit on a surfboard
Kitchen A man and woman making a cut unto a cake
Animal A group of giraffes roam their enclosure at the zoo.
Food A woman eating a piece of pizza near the kitchen counter.
Person A person with a cane and a roller bag sitting on a bench.
Person A black and white cow walking across a lush green field.
Kitchen A blue and white street sign that reads "Othello."
Animal A orange calico cat on top of a vehicle.
Person Large group of people surrounding a truck on a mountain. 
Furniture a a small bathroom with pink tile and trim
Person A statue is sitting on a bench and a woman sits on a cement block.
Kitchen Two men standing in a room and holding Wii video game controllers.
Indoor A room with all white furniture in front of a flat screen T.V. 
Kitchen It is a kitchen filled with regular kitchen appliances.
Furniture A glass table that is next to a window.
Food some oranges that are sitting on some wood
Person Boy riding a skate board over a concrete seat.
Indoor A teddy bear handing on a lit christmas tree.
Person derek jeter swings his bat at a baseball 
Person A red and black train is traveling down the tracks. 
Kitchen A group of seven people having a light meal and discussion at a single large table.
Electronic A dog between the feet of a person looking at a TV.
Electronic A person that is sitting in a bed facing out.
Animal Park benches with a brown fence in the background and trees overhead.
Animal On a narrow street people are taking pictures of sheep.
Person A cat is sitting on the bed near a person using a laptop.
Electronic Bathroom scene showing a television and a hair dryer.
Furniture A tv on a tv stand in a room at Christmas time 
Person Man and woman with luggage near a doorway on a city street.
Food Chicago style deep dish pizza with tomato sauce and sausage.
Animal A lone cat lounging on top of a counter.
Appliance this is a wood table with bananas on it
Person there is a young child that is brushing his teeth
Furniture A modern living room with very unique furniture.
Electronic A group of people standing inside of a living room.
Furniture A close up of a sliced hot dogs placed in a sandwich.
Furniture A man is carrying a suitcase through the street
Sports there are two skate boarders doing tricks on the street
Person Ornate wedding cake ready at the hotel reception
Outdoor a couple of people that are biking down a road
Vehicle a black and white photo of a train 
Sports A person walking in the snow on some skis.
Food A woman digs under the seat of a moped.
Furniture two dogs laying in a bed with thick covers
Furniture a chair and a umbrella that is on a beach
Person A young child holds up her bowl with a spoon in it.
Person Sanitation trucks on roadway in large city area.
Person White building with clocks located to be viewed from 4 angles
Outdoor an image of a car in the snow that hit a pole
Furniture A make shift office space in a bedroom.
Accessory A person helping a woman put on a tie. 
Kitchen A picture of two halves of a sub with sauce and two drinks. 
Animal Three tourists pose for a picture next to an elephant.
Vehicle a long passenger train pulling up to a station
Kitchen A plate filled with various kinds of food.
Vehicle Buses parked on a road outside a large bus station. 
Sports A woman in grey and green bodysuit skiing on a slope.
Furniture A woman that is holding a book sitting on a bed.
Vehicle A tower building with a clock up high.
Kitchen A bunch of people that are holding wine glasses.
Kitchen Two people in a living room playing a wii video game.
Animal A cat sitting of a TV on top of a TV stand.
Kitchen A woman sitting at a table with a pizza on a plate.
Accessory The woman is getting ready to cut a piece of the desert.
Electronic Two men standing in a room and holding Wii video game controllers.
Person Man in yellow top getting ready to play tennis.
Person A train passing into a station, in a well designed station.
Animal A horse and a dog positions for a picture outside.
Animal two elephants in a encloseur at a zoo
Vehicle A 787 airplane is landing at the airport.
Outdoor a red and green stop light under a bridge
Kitchen Meat and baked beans are on a plate. There's also a side of vegetables.
Indoor a large computer set up with a desktop computer, laptop, and printer.
Person The baby is standing next to several boxes of apples.
Person a bunch of parked motorcycles sit in it line 
Indoor A baby sitting on a females lap staring into the camera.
Indoor The case on the shelf is holding several feathers. 
Person Pregnant woman writing on her stomach holding a yellow teddy bear. 
Furniture A silver and orange train in a train station.
Food different kinds of doughnuts in a display case 
Sports This is an image of a man laying down with a tennis racket.
Kitchen A man and a child in the kitchen with two cakes.
Furniture two cellphones are sitting side by side on the table.
Kitchen The room is crowded with many things including chairs, a bicycle, and a table with cups on it.
Electronic A woman sitting in a chair in front of a TV.
Kitchen A dirty dog sits on the front patio of a home. 
Vehicle an empty street with a building with a tower at the corner.
Food a bowl of different kinds of food on it
Person An individual is taken in this very picture. 
Food A tall banana plant with bunches of green bananas.
Vehicle a train with many acts drawn on it
Furniture A man sitting on a toilet in someone's house. 
Person A group of twenty-five squares of different photos of carrots.
Person A man and a woman eating pizza at a restaurant
Kitchen The room has two couches next to a dark coffee table. 
Furniture A gray teddy bear cake on top of a wooden bench.
Kitchen Someone ordered a piece of pizza for dinner that does not have much cheese on it
Vehicle A royal mail train sits in a train yard. 
Accessory A row of parked motorcycles sitting in front of a tall building.
Vehicle A large clock and two birds make a statue.
Sports A tennis match of doubles is taking place in a full stadium
Vehicle A man is riding a large bike through the park.
Person a newly married couple cutting their wedding cake
Furniture someone steaming the wrinkles out of a garment 
Person Parking meters are in front of an eating establishment. 
Furniture Old baseball bats are turned into a seat.
Indoor A little white bear with black eyes and nose on a comforter.
Kitchen a cat stands on a table drinking water out of a glass 
Vehicle A red, white, and blue plane is in the sky.
Person A young woman smiles with her stuffed teddy bear.
Sports a wake boarder setting up his raft in the ocean
Food a gathering outside on the lawn of city hall
Appliance A bathroom with blue tile outline around the floor
Sports A guy on a surf board in the water.
Furniture boys wearing red shirts running around after a soccer ball
Animal The large lizard is on the steps near the birds.
Kitchen A woman that is sitting down in front of a table.
Person A group of skateboarders watching a skateboarder doing a trick in a skate park.
Person Bird cages hanging over a cobblestone alley full of people and motorcycles.
Person Two small children sit and dine at a table, inside a restaurant
Animal two giraffes in an open field with a sky in the background
Indoor A row of little white teddy bears lean against a row of movies on a shelf.
Animal A giraffe and bird in a grassy area with a fence.
Sports People are in the water with kites flying over them.
Outdoor Yellow and grey train near platform at railway station.
Furniture A room with a fireplace and a wooden table.
Vehicle A street light that shows, horse crossing on it.
Food a couple of sandwiches are on a pan
Electronic Two people are at a computer desk with a mouse.
Kitchen A hand holding a water bottle in front of a cat.
Sports a young man wearing a blue shirt is throwing a frisbee
Indoor A small brown dog laying on top of a couch.
Animal A black cat that is sitting in a sink.
Food A plate topped with three hot dogs on top of a table.
Electronic Two cats asleep on a sofa with a blanket on it.
Person a policeman on a motorcycle and some people crossing the street
Sports A mixed age group is going toward the ocean with surfboards.
Animal two children are feeding a giraffe and trees
Indoor A woman brushes her teeth with foamy toothpaste.
Animal Two women are squatting down and petting brown and white long haired goats. 
Electronic Panoramic view of a hospital room with medical machines and a woman lying in hospital bed.
Electronic a beautiful, modern bathroom with a TV, chandelier and glass sinks.
Animal A couple of birds flying over a body of water.
Accessory two men camping in the woods near rocks
Sports A young lady and a young man playing frisbee on the sand.
Furniture A kitchen sink with a bowl of cereal next to it.
Person A mother with her baby laying in bed.
Furniture A group of pictures featuring different scenes of baked goods sitting on tables.
Person There is a woman standing on a city street.
Accessory A woman jumping in the air on the tennis court
Indoor a large room that has both a kitchen and living room
Person A man standing on a tennis court waves to someone. 
Animal A bird standing in the sand surrounded by rocks and pebbles.
Appliance An open door showing a shower with the curtain closed.
Animal A brown bear shakes water off while swimming.
Sports Surfer riding out end of wave with large breaking wave in background.
Furniture An orange cat sunning itself on a lawn chair.
Person A very nice looking toy train and some workers on the tracks.
Accessory A painting of men riding on motorcycles next to a gas station.
Vehicle A long silver train traveling through a small city.
Animal there are two brown bears that are playing together in the water
Sports Two athletes are competing on a playing field.
Food A man at home posing with a cake
Person Female tennis player preparing to serve the ball
Electronic A TV is on in this unique and eclectic living room.
Person A table topped with a pizza surrounded by men.
Person A man holding a yellow kite while standing in a room.
Person A guy with a nice guitar standing on a bed.
Furniture A kitchen area with a counter, shelves and a television.
Electronic a cat laying on a floor next to a keyboard
Sports A third baseman tries to tag a runner.
Sports A child looks on in amusement while holding a baseball bat. 
Indoor A man is holding a toothbrush and a paper bag while seated.
Outdoor Small kitten sitting on top of a wooden crate. 
Vehicle A flag pole with a large bird flying over it in a park.
Accessory A bus traveling down the road at night
Person People are walking around with their luggage at an airport.
Electronic a living room witj a couch some chairs and a tv
Outdoor a blue pickup truck stopped at a stop sign
Person THERE IS A BUS PARKED ON THE SIDE OF THE STREET
Accessory A bunch of people are standing in the snow
Sports Baseball players are on the field during a game.
Accessory A beautiful woman standing on the side of a rad next to a street.
Indoor A pregnant woman is in bed reading a large book.
Person A construction wall that has been used as a billboard.
Accessory A person with a cane and a roller bag sitting on a bench.
Accessory A brown dog sitting in a yard looking at a black and white dog.
Person Lots of people at a long table eating, drinking and smiling
Indoor A large cock sitting in the middle of a street.
Furniture An extremely focused man playing with the Wii.
Indoor A very cute teddy bear with glasses and some items.
Animal A white horse is standing near a riding field.
Kitchen Plates of hamburger and pizza in takeaway baskets set on a table.
Food Plastic toy hot dog and bun, on plastic plate.
Food People sitting on the long table with plates of food. 
Indoor Salmon-colored clock tower with Florida architectural features including a window's walk.
Vehicle A city square decorated with a tree and lights
Kitchen a bunch of heart shaped cakes are on display
Person A woman sitting on ledge with three pigeons, with gate railing, trees, and base of the Eiffel Tower behind.
Electronic A computer is on a desk across from a bed.
Sports Some people who are flying kites in a field.
Vehicle Muddy water is coming out from a water hose.
Accessory A black and white portrait of a male.
Vehicle Four children at an outdoor party wearing festive hats.
Vehicle A train passes by a road on a railroad track
Accessory A person bent over sleeping in a chair next to others.
Person a catcher and umpire standing on a baseball field
Accessory A person in a field flying a kite in the sky.
Animal A TV mounted in a cow on a wall.
Indoor A man looking over an open mechanical clock.
Outdoor An intersection with traffic signals and several street signs.
Outdoor a road that has a small red stop sign by it
Kitchen A woman wearing a yellow top and a jean skirt standing next to a yellow fire hydrant. 
Appliance A view of a kitchen with cabinets, a sink and a clothes washer.
Furniture a woman sitting at a talbe with a laptop while talking on her phone
Sports A man riding skis while flying through the air.
Outdoor a small cooler is on a wood table
Indoor A vase with some water and dead flowers in it.
Kitchen A WOMAN IS SITTING AT THTE TABLE EATING FOOD 
Animal A falcon perched on a window looking off in the distance.
Furniture Two naked babies on training toilets in a bathroom
Person Three skiers skiing down a steep snowy slope.
Person A table with a laptop a plate with a muffin and a banana, a can and a cellphone.
Accessory Two men accidentally get their ties too tied up
Electronic A desk with multiple computers inside a office 
Person A little kid that is doing a skateboard trick in the air.
Vehicle A man walking with a sign next to a row of buses.
Furniture A clean bathroom with mirrors, sinks, and a toilet.
Electronic A person with a laptop sitting in front of a window.
Accessory A crowd of people standing on a field flying kites.
Vehicle Cars parked along a street with a street light that is green.
Furniture A tennis player jumping up in the air with her tennis racket.
Appliance A puppy sitting on the ground in a bathroom
Accessory A group of people on a beach with surf boards.
Outdoor This youngster tries to get his kite off the ground
Person Someone pointing at their cell phone in a case on their hip.
Person A kite flying over a city park on a windy day.
Food A person has a knife in his hand above the cake. 
Vehicle A stoplight that is flashing green lights at cars.
Food A bunch of bananas on a wooden bench with hammocks in the background.
Person A pitcher throwing a baseball toward a batter.
Furniture A dog is sitting on a couch by a remote.
Sports Two kites flying directly overhead against a clear blue sky.
Accessory a man is holding some stuff standing by the curb
Person A historic trolley sign is across the street from a large building.
Person A guy playing in a big grassy field with a disc.
Person A truck is being towed by a much smaller tow truck.
Person Horses lined up on a grassy field, some with riders. 
Outdoor AN IMAGE OF A FIRED HYDRANT ON THE STREET
Outdoor The man is the sport jacket is holding a racket.
Indoor A pair of green sneakers on a single bed with a nightstand next to it
Animal A bear walking up on top of a wall.
Furniture Two women stand close to a cake that is mostly gone.
Electronic A black sculpture of a torso is on the floor next to a TV.
Animal The person is riding a horse in the pen.
Accessory The red and white fire hydrant is embedded in the street.
Person A man and a woman posing together for a picture
Kitchen A little kid sitting on top of a bed holding a remote.
Vehicle Tall building sitting on the rivers edge and a barge,
Food A small broccoli plant is shown growing among pine needles.
Sports Single paddle boarder walking on the shore of a beach.
Animal Two brown cows sitting inside a fence staring out.
Outdoor a small boat in a body of water 
Furniture Lots of people at a long table eating, drinking and smiling
Electronic Three people stand posing for a picture on a bus.
Person A picture of a women sitting on a motorcycle with a side car with a desert background of hills.  
Furniture Children look over the wrought iron fence into the brick archways.
Furniture a young boy sitting on a bed with a lamp on beside it
Vehicle a busy street with cars in action and a train zooming by 
Animal A giraffe is close up next to the camera.
Kitchen Four pictures showing the way a stew being cooked looks at various stages.
Vehicle Man unloading luggage onto an airport cart from a car.
Sports The tennis player is walking on the court.
Sports A group of people on skis at a peak of a mountain.
Person Two men holding their surfboards near an ocean. 
Person A group of people holding frisbees on a field. 
Food Four people enjoying a meal are posing for their picture. 
Animal A bull is running freely on the beach with other boys.
Indoor a baby laying on a floor near a cell phone
Electronic An iphone, pen and soda can on a table.
Animal A large number of sheep walking on a sidewalk
Electronic A t.v. with bunny ears in front of a book shelf
Accessory A pair of chairs on a curb, and a man carrying a chair on the sidewalk.
Vehicle A person standing in the doorway of a mass transit vehicle.
Outdoor Two cute children are sitting on the sidewalk eating.
Person Here are motorcyclists parked outside a Polish gathering spot for women
Animal Three cows standing on a grass field under a cloudy sky.
Animal A couple of people are riding horses on the beach
Food a woman holding onto a piece of pizza with her mouth 
Animal Three giraffes standing on a plain with a few trees
Outdoor A street sign is pictured against a cement wall.
Person A large passenger jumbo jet takes passengers on the runway
Person Many people are flying different kites in a field on a cloudy day.
Person A little girl laying in bed holding a book next to a black cat.
Animal A person is moving green hay towards an elephant that is inside the back of a white truck.
Animal A husky jumping jumping above the water of a pool
Outdoor People riding elephants by using baskets tied to their backs.
Person a couple of young kids are sitting together
Animal The cat is laying on a luggage bag
Person Long dining room table filled with people in dress clothing. 
Person Young girl lying on mattress with railing on three sides. 
Person A large crowd is watching a group who are dressed in old swimming clothes.
Outdoor Cars and people stopped at a city intersection.
Electronic A person bent over sleeping in a chair next to others.
Person A red bus parked on a street with another vehicle parked nearby.
Animal Two cats are sitting in a window sill. 
Appliance A bathroom mirror with the middle cut out and exposed.
Food Two women handing out cake on plates on a dining table. 
Sports Young skateboarder displaying skills on sidewalk near field.
Animal a small dog wearing a flower print life vest
Kitchen A picture of a very nice kitchen with the light on.
Animal Two men being drug on buggies by dogs.
Vehicle A large yellow kite is flying over a park in the daytime.
Appliance a kitchen that has a bunch of cabinets in it
Electronic There are people sitting on chairs lined up
Indoor White clock tower next to a river by a bridge.
Furniture Pizzas are sitting on trays on a table.
Electronic A small desk with lamp, phone, and laptop on it.
Outdoor a long passenger train pulling up to a station
Sports A man with long hair is throwing a Frisbee.
Sports a man is riding a surfboard at the beach
Person Shadows are cast onto the side of a train because of the sun.
Person An all-terrain bus for sight-seeing tourists near a glacier.
Person A woman showing off her pink pointy-toed heels.
Furniture A person standing over a toilet using the restroom.
Vehicle Passenger train stopped on the track under a bridge.
Food A man looking over a full stand of bananas.
Sports A man is doing tricks with a frisbee
Furniture A little girl sitting at a table with food on her face
Accessory A man looking over a full stand of bananas.
Outdoor A man sitting at a wooden bench and table with an open umbrella sitting on the table.
Vehicle Three women standing near a bus that has the face of a cat painted on the front.
Animal a man sleeping with his cat next to him
Person A man who is performing tricks on a skateboard.
Kitchen The end of a computer keyboard and a blue-illuminated black wireless mouse sit on a table. 
Vehicle A woman is posing next to a red motorcycle.
Vehicle A black and white photo of a street sign with an arrow on it
Vehicle A train traveling down the track, with power lines in the back.
Person a man that is standing next to a base
Animal A man is standing up, taking a shot of the water, while a pigeon looks on. 
Animal A small dog is laying on a couch with a shoe.
Kitchen This table has cupcakes and cake on it.
Animal A living room with a loveseat and chairs surrounding a table.
Person A street full of cars that are driving and parked and a group of people sitting outside eating.
Accessory A porch with several wind catchers hung from hooks. 
Kitchen A large salad bowl with a fork on the side on a flowered table..
Kitchen two women are having a glass of wine together
Food An overripe banana in a tiny chair with a flashlight and boombox.
Furniture An old TV and a flat screen TV on a homemade entertainment center.
Appliance A pair of girls are cooking in one pan together.
Person A group of kids being instructed on how to boogie board.
Kitchen A desk with two computer monitors, two mice, a cup and a keyboard on it.
Person Two men dressed in suits holding their cellphones.
Person an elephant in a zoo walks around slowly
Person a baseball player kneeling down talking to a young child
Appliance Small bathroom with a shower, sink, and toilet.  
Electronic A woman who is cooking in the kitchen.
Animal two giraffe are standing  and the other animals are walking
Person The man is posing for a picture with his snowboard.
Person A teddy bear sitting on top of a wooden bench.
Furniture The view of a toilet from above looking into the bowl
Furniture 4 chairs rest on the concrete outside in front of a fence.
Furniture A plate is left sitting half eaten with mostly broccoli remaining.
Person Several pieces of luggage are on display. 
Furniture A group of people are playing wii in the living room
Vehicle Blue truck rolling down the side of a city street. 
Sports A man playing a tennis match is serving a tennis ball.
Kitchen an image of a woman doing arts and crafts with kids
Person A man reads a story to a group of children.  
Furniture A man in an office, wearing a shirt and tie, smiles at the camera.
Vehicle Man wearing a helmet sitting on a motor scooter in traffic.
Person A man with long hair wearing a red suit surfing. 
Furniture Pieces of office furniture sitting outside under an umbrella.
Furniture A passenger train that has some graffiti on it.
Person A boy on a motocross motorcycle flying through the air.
Animal Penned cows eating hay in indoor facility area.
Vehicle A bicycle near a pole in front of a building. 
Vehicle A person with an orange blanket covering them, sleeping on a wooden park bench.
Outdoor A man sits on a bench underneath trees.
Furniture A picture of the land, trees, and people passing by as they ride in a vehicle.
Furniture A woman walks out of the ocean towards a beach chair and umbrella.
Furniture A group of people playing tennis on a video game with a large television on.
Sports A man kiteboarding over the ocean under a blue sky.
Electronic A CAT LAYING ON THE FLOOR AMIDST A COMPUTER,SPEAKERS,CORDS
Furniture Group of people standing around computer monitors. 
Vehicle A bus traveling down a road beside a motorcycle. 
Person A large group of people riding elephants through the brush.
Accessory A plate of donuts on a tray sitting on a table in a bakery.
Kitchen Two cats are laying on the keyboard of a computer. 
Person A bus is passing in front of big buildings and beautiful gardens.
Furniture The man is getting ready to hit the ball in the baseball game. 
Electronic A school girl checks her phone while riding a bike
Sports Several para sailors on choppy water under a cloudy sky.
Furniture LOTS OF BROKEN TOILETS SITTING OUT ON A LAWN
Animal a horse and a donkey eating grass in a fenced in pasture 
Animal AN EDITED PICTURE WITH SEA HORSES FLYING IN THE SKY.
Kitchen Soap and a water bottle are on top of a vanity in a teal bathroom.
Vehicle A skater is attempting a rail grind. 
Person Three men jumping for a frisbee while others play around them.
Accessory Girl trying out a game at a trade show.
Person A person's hand holding up an active smartphone.
Furniture A computer workstation with a laptop and two additional monitors.
Vehicle A small child on a skateboard photoshopped over a street image.
Sports outfield baseball player looking up to catch fly ball
Food A plate with chicken, bread, broccoli and carrots.
Kitchen a dark gray kitty laying on a desk  
Indoor A modern living room with a christmas tree set up in front of the window. 
Person A grandmother looks at her family's pizza dinner
Person a man and woman play with a small child 
Animal A white train hauling cargo along a track.
Vehicle An Orange bus is parked next to the people. 
Outdoor There is a stop sign and someone has vandalized the one beside it.
Outdoor a public transit bus on a city street
Person A cross country skier traveling down a slight slope.
Indoor Two images of open suitecases full of toiletries. 
Kitchen Two men next to each other holding wine glasses. 
Accessory A woman carrying a suit case and losing her balance.
Food A slice of pizza with a swirl of sauce on top.
Kitchen A small, white formica kitchen with a refrigerator, sink and small electrical appliances
Person Elephants carrying their handlers and passengers on their backs
Food a white kitchen with a ceiling fan a stove and refrigerator
Person A couple of men snuggling on a bed with one under the cover.
Food An orange lying near the white stripe of a highway.
Indoor Three women wearing long dresses standing behind a dog.
Furniture A man jumping into the air on a tennis court.
Food A person is holding up a half eaten pastry.
Animal A family of swans swimming on top of a lake.
Food A cake sitting on top of a table next to a candle.
Outdoor There are pedestrians walking passed a traffic light.
Sports A woman holding a tennis racket standing on a tennis court.
Animal A train filled with passengers traveling down railroad tracks.
Outdoor A person crosses a street under a streetlight at dusk.
Kitchen A couple cuts into a wedding cake with grapes and oranges. 
Electronic A man who is taking a picture with his cell phone.
Person Workers at an airport transporting luggage from the plane.
Furniture a couple of people are eating at a table
Vehicle A bunch of cars parked in a parking lot.
Food A skillet filled with a bunch of vegetables being cooked.
Animal Two black and white cats are on a keyboard.
Furniture a blue yellow and black train car with graffiti
Food Pizza, salad, and a glass of Hefevwsen beer
Furniture A woman looking with shock as a cat eats a pizza.
Person A person that is going out in the water.
Animal A group of giraffe standing next to each other on a dirt field.
Person a woman laying in bed reading a book with a cat sitting on top
Kitchen There are many people who are gathered at a get together or a party
Person Two children in a room with tables and couches.
Indoor An old photo of a bus and some cars sitting at an intersection.
Person A guy on a surf board in the water.
Vehicle The train is approaching and a man is getting off his bicycle.
Person A cat laying on the track pad of a laptop.
Kitchen A plate of shredded chicken with a broccoli cheese sauce.
Outdoor A train sits on the track at a deserted station overlooked by a tower.
Sports The snow skier is happy to pose for a picture.
Sports a person leaning with her head on a bat 
Vehicle Several cars parked along a no parking area.
Person A guy is sleeping with his phone attached to his ear.
Furniture A woman waiting for a serve while playing tennis.
Animal Several cows walking in the street with cars behind them. 
Person Two women play singles tennis outdoor surrounded by trees.
Vehicle a small air plane flying in the sky
Food A person holding a small tomato over a tray that has sauce on it.
Sports Two teams are playing baseball with the umpire touching the catcher.
Person A man in a wetsuit carries a surfboard on the beach.
Vehicle A red stoplight with a street in the background.
Outdoor A cat sits near a bench in a garden with many potted plants.
Appliance A woman standing in a kitchen by a window
Accessory People cross a crosswalk while a taxi and bus wait.
Outdoor A bicycle is chained to a fixture on a city street
Indoor A woman taking a photo of her food with a cell phone.
Food A group of people are getting some food and drinks together.
Kitchen A young girl in the foreground and a woman in a bridal dress and other adults in the background. 
Furniture a little boy wearing a birthday hat and holding a tennis racket
Sports A young boy in a red top is playing with a red object tossed in the sky.
Person The batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game
Animal large dog in a brown chair by a window
Furniture A small kitchen area features a foggy glass window. 
Indoor A man and women in the river washing and eating.
Outdoor A fire hydrant that has the stars and stripes on it.
Outdoor There is no image to be reviewed on this hit.
Indoor A large brown sectional sofa has people on it.
Accessory A large amount of people laying out on a beach
Furniture A black and white cat that is standing on all fours and has an elephant hat on it's head.
Person Two people wearing helmets while riding their motorcycles.
Food a bowl of bananas and a bowl of apples in a kitchen
Animal A herd of animals grazing on top of a grass field.
Animal a brown bear is walking away from a river
Furniture Cat sitting on recliner back in room facing the television
Vehicle A skateboarder jumping of of a ledge onto a parking lot.
Electronic A large brown sectional sofa has people on it.
Furniture A makeshift bedroom is decorated in plastic and cardboard.
Furniture A plate filled with eggs, corn, toast and coffee
Kitchen A student works on an academic paper at her desk, computer screen glowing in the background.
Vehicle A large white airplane and a person on a lot.
Kitchen a newly married couple cutting their wedding cake
Indoor A coo coo clock mounted to the side of a wall.
Furniture A tiny bathroom area features a patterned wall, bidet and toilet. 
Person Two computers on a large wooden computer desk.
Outdoor A man is swinging at a ball during a baseball game.
Food a pizza with meat and red peppers and Parmesan cheese
Person A picture of a very large kite flying in the air.
Indoor A kitchen with white cabinets and brick walls.
Animal A bird sitting on a tree branch and looking intently.
Vehicle A dog sits on a seat in a truck.
Kitchen A man with glasses holds a small child at a restaurant.
Vehicle Several people who are sitting on some benches.
Person A man holding a white frisbee walking on top of a green grass covered field.
Furniture A chair and a television in a room.
Outdoor a black bird is sitting on a parking meter and some cars
Kitchen A bean and corn mixture, rice, and broccoli on a plate
Furniture A woman sitting on a bucket on the side of a street. 
Vehicle A muddied man standing next to a muddied truck.
Outdoor People flying kites in a park next to a lake.
Accessory the man is working on his laptop while he waits for the train.
Electronic Some wood cabinets in a large home kitchen 
Person A group of people together on a beach.
Vehicle Two buses in city with other cars and trees. 
Furniture A woman in uniform is talking on a cell phone.
Outdoor A street sign is pictured at the forefront with an ornate building in the background. 
Accessory a chair and a umbrella that is on a beach
Appliance A kitchen with a stove, sink, table, chairs and couches.
Person a man standing at the beach with a surfboard and a paddle 
Person A person in a black snow suit on a pair of skis in the snow. 
Person A boy and a girl feeding the giraffe at the zoo. 
Indoor A man blowing out candles on a birthday cake.
Indoor an image of a stuffed teddy bear sitting up
Indoor A group of buildings with clock tower and trees in night sky.
Person A man is riding a motorcycle on a city street. 
Person a pretty lady with a red book smiling on a white bed
Indoor A man sitting alone on a park bench in a park.
Person A black and white image of a city street in the 1950s or early 1960s.
Electronic a woman watching two people play a wii game with wii motes
Vehicle A one way sign with a yellow blinking light on top.
Person a guy at a table with 6 plates of food around him
Vehicle A bus parked in front of a building.
Person a fire hydrgon that a man is grabing
Person A man teaching kids how to ride a surf board in the water
Sports a person on a snow board flying in the air down the snow
Food A man at an office desk drinking a glass of wine.
Indoor A glass hart shaped sculpture sitting on top of orgasmic birds.
Kitchen Blue plate with green, white, and red vegetables on it. 
Person A man in a kitchen smiles towards a camera
Electronic A laptop computer is displaying a screen with words.
Food A large variety of fruits displayed for sale in a store.
Sports A large blue swimming pool sitting next to a hotel surrounded by palm trees.
Animal There are several zebras standing close to each other.
Electronic A woman prepares a pizza while a man watches.
Food Different types of foods and vegetables side by side.
Animal A giraffe is peeking around the side of a wall at the camera.
Animal Two horses in a pasture with buildings in the background
Indoor A red headed doll sitting next to a clock.
Electronic several business men in suits sitting at a table during a meeting
Furniture a cat is sitting in a window that has a dirty exterior
Indoor Tomatoes sit in a black bowl next to a flower.
Electronic Pizza on a table at an outdoor restaurant at night
Animal A boat going through the water with a wall in back.
Person A man surfing the waves on a surfboard in the ocean. 
Kitchen A close up food in plastic containers with a blue plastic fork.
Person A row of motorcycles next to a bicycle.
Furniture three people sitting at a table with their cellphones
Animal a grassy field with some animals in it
Outdoor A park bench surrounded by floral arrangements on either side.
Accessory a double decked bus sits parked next to a side walk 
Person a young boy is standing on a snowboard 
Accessory A man and a woman riding on a motorcycle are getting ready to hit the road.
Animal A bird is sitting on a silver truck
Person A group of people standing outside of a building.
Food a guy at a table with 6 plates of food around him
Furniture Meat and baked beans are on a plate. There's also a side of vegetables.
Appliance Someone is cooking a vegtable stir fry for dinner
Person Two surfers riding the waves in the ocean.
Person An umpire is talking with two players on different teams.
Indoor Young lady, wearing a black dress, brushing her teeth.
Outdoor 3 ladies sitting together on a bench in the park. 
Sports The photo shows the many ways to enjoy the beach--kite flying, bathing, lying in the sun, walking along the sand.
Food A teddy bear sitting in front of a pile of boxes.
Vehicle A man in black jersey pitching in baseball game.
Indoor A single basin bathroom sink with a granite vanity.
Kitchen A room with an old sofa, coffee table, lamp and t.v.
Indoor a wall has many different clocks on display
Person A little boy riding skis down the side of a snow covered slope.
Kitchen A hamburger sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.
Food A bunch of bananas on a plate on a counter.
Food A four layer cake on a plate with fork and one bite eaten
Indoor A PERSON IS STIING ON A COUCH WATCHING TV
Indoor A view of a room that has two windows and a blue couch.
Indoor A small child that is holding a toothbrush and brushing their teeth.
Outdoor A yellow school bus traveling down a street.
Person A man is standing on a sidewalk leaning on a pole.
Vehicle There is a group of people gathered around an airplane outdoors. 
Animal a cat laying in a bathroom sink while looking at the camera 
Person A young boy stands in the living room playing with a brush
Furniture Two dogs are lying on the brown couch. 
Electronic A person taking a picture with a cell phone of them and a dog in a mirror.
Person A person is sitting in a chair at a table with a laptop computer.
Vehicle a old train that is on a track with people next to it
Vehicle A yellow truck is sitting in high grass. 
Kitchen People laying in chairs, walking, and playing in the water on the beach.
Vehicle A guy on a motorcycle with some people watching.
Kitchen there are two people sitting at a table eating
Sports This youngster tries to get his kite off the ground
Furniture a close up of a sandwich and vegetables on a plate 
Kitchen A counter topped with plates of pizza covered in cheese.
Animal A black and brown dog is wearing a heavy metal collar.
Person Fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a hiking area on the side of a gorge. 
Sports A man has one foot on his skateboard
Outdoor a car and a bus at an intersection in front of a historical looking building
Person A person wearing sneakers balancing on a skateboard on a wooden platform.
Person A P-51 Mustang and B-25 Mitchell on the airport tarmac. 
Accessory a woman sitting next to a fire hydrant with a notebook in hand
Appliance Many old appliances in trash head with woman in center.
Vehicle a black bicycle and a brown bed and a chair
Vehicle A beach area with grass umbrellas and boats in the distance.
Person Two formally dressed guys are crossing the street. 
Furniture A bed and a mirror in a small room.
Food A pan with carrots, apples, meat, and potatoes. 
Animal a pretty bird sitting on a branch among some leaves 
Vehicle A line of parked motorcycles with the edges of image blurred.
Person A small toy sits on a plate with pizza and crusts.
Person Two people have a conversation at an intersection
Person A man sitting on the park bench in the forest 
Kitchen A woman sitting by a wooden table with green glasses and food.
Food a young girl making a plate of food 
Vehicle Multiple orange train engines on tracks with trees on each side.
Sports A couple of storm troopers standing next to each other.
Vehicle A bus that is driving down the road.
Furniture A cat sitting in an orange chair in a bedroom
Electronic Two people with Wii remote controllers near a sofa.
Person A man that is on a surfboard in the water.
Vehicle An old passenger trolley is on the street.
Kitchen A black and white cat laying across the keyboard of a laptop.
Animal two giraffes standing under a tree to get some shade
Appliance A man in a tropical print shirt with glasses and long hair is eating a banana.
Kitchen A male with a bottled beverage wearing a flower in his lapel.
Outdoor A dog standing next to a fire hydrant on a green grass covered park.
Outdoor A stop sign on a pole on a street corner.
Person some people with kites on a city street
Animal A flock of white birds stands in a parking lot puddle.
Furniture Green, yellow, and pink teddy bears sitting on top of a table on display. 
Furniture There is a white coffee cup with a skull and bones on it next to a knife
Vehicle An old- fashioned train rounds the corner on train tracks. 
Person This is a still life of fruit and an old man.
Accessory a group of boats parked next to a dock in the water
Furniture A small bathroom with wood flooring and tan walls.
Furniture Donuts and a bag of beans on a table with remote.
Kitchen Half eaten pizza on cutting board next to alcohol.
Accessory Two men shaking hands after a dinner speech.
Appliance A bathroom sink under a mirror next to a plant.
Food A bean and corn mixture, rice, and broccoli on a plate
Furniture A toilet bowl with a black toilet seat cover
Kitchen A plate of pancakes sitting on a plate on a table.
Kitchen A fruit smoothie is on display on a plate with two strawberries for garnish.
Vehicle A picture of two motorcross people skidding in the dirtroad.
Animal a little zebra biting its own tali 
Indoor A woman in lingerie is bound to a bed.
Sports A man is on his surfboard in the water. 
Sports A woman hitting a tennis ball with her knees bent.
Accessory A bedroom with a laptop, suitcase and backpack on the floor.
Furniture bouquets of flower sit on either side of a memorial bench.
Furniture a black and white cat sitting by a window and looking outside
Kitchen a male in a black shirt glasses of wine and two silver buckets
Accessory A gondola like boat crossing over a bridge
Animal A cat playing with an old computer mouse.
Appliance An extremely plain, and outdated white colored kitchen
Animal A cat standing next to a laptop computer on top of a table.
Person A man in a grassy field about to catch a frisbee.
Person A firetruck parked outside a building in the city
Food A woman holding a plate with a slice of cake.
Electronic A cat looking up at the telivision that has something interesting on it. 
Indoor a close up of an analog clock with roman numerals
Person Two women in bikinis on horses in the ocean.
Person there is a young boy riding a surf board in the water
Sports A wide view of two women playing tennis on an orange tennis court.
Food A cracker with shredded cheese and leafy greens on a white plate.
Person Two little girls are dressed in uniform preparing for the day
Furniture A couple is sleeping in a bed with red sheets.
Accessory A fire hydrant in a city has a hose attached. 
Person A man stands in front of a pickup truck.
Person A young man riding a skateboard down a rail.
Furniture A very large pizza on top of a pan on a table.
Sports Surboarders are in the water and waiting on the shore.
Furniture Various dishes of food sit in bowls on a table.
Sports Two children who are on wake boards in the ocean.
Animal A plush giraffe is posed to look out a window. 
Sports A group of children are playing soccer on a sunny day.
Animal a cat sitting on a car engine with the hood up
Furniture A girl is playing a Wii videogame at Christmas time.
Furniture A man and a boy hold video controllers on opposite sides of a dining table containing a projector.
Person A man making his plate with a table full of food. 
Food a close up of a slice of pizza on a plate
Vehicle A horse stands on the side of the road with a harness on.
Furniture A big building perched atop a hill with a sign in the foreground.
Furniture Lilacs in a blue watering can vase sitting outdoors on a ledge.
Sports Nan or woman is enjoying a day of surfboarding on a brown/orange board.
Food A large pizza on a white plate sitting on a blue table.
Animal The front room of an apartment with the basics.
Person An adult tries to help a child with her kite.
Food Plates of Pizza with silverware next to ketchup and other condiments. 
Appliance An empty kitchen sink underneath a window, on the counter.
Person Couple of people standing at an intersection waiting to cross.
Person A man with a helmet on riding a skateboard in the street. 
Person A man posing for a picture, in a kitchen.
Accessory A crowd of people outside a terminal boarding buses.
Person A desert on a plate with a spoon on the side of the plate.
Vehicle An old red and black bus is on the street.
Sports Baseball player preparing to put gloves on during a game. 
Kitchen A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.
Person A city street scene with a bus and buildings.
Person People stand outside of a series of stores. 
Furniture pizza with olives on black plate setting on table
Appliance Two men cooking and packaging food in a kitchen.
Animal A smiling man in green next to a large elephant.
Sports A tennis player getting ready to serve the ball 
Furniture a living room with a fire place a chair and lamps
Appliance a cat walking down the center of the kitchen
Person Small child standing on his skis in the snow. 
Person A woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller in her hand.
Accessory This is a beach with a lot of lounge chairs under umbrellas
Person A man surfing in the ocean as the sun sets.
Indoor A person holding a teddy bear as she writes on her belly.
Food A pizza sitting in front of a can of pepsi
Animal A dog standing on a bench during the day.
Furniture The living room is clean and is ready to be used. 
Outdoor Two people stroll through a park with benches and a playground.
Electronic A cat laying with a laptop on a table.
Kitchen Two bowls of oranges are sitting on a metal surface.
Vehicle A very big white bus parked by the curb.
Appliance This bathroom has a pattern of blue tiles on the floor
Furniture A table with plates of food that include corn and fruit.
Vehicle A fire hydrant is standing on a sidewalk with a person walking by.
Furniture A portion of this chocolate pastry has been eaten.
Accessory The home office space seems to be very cluttered.
Person People watching off the side of a cruise ship as a life boat is lowered.
Person Two men stand next to each other holding glasses.
Animal a dog sitting near a door with a bottle next to it
Kitchen A group of friends gathered around a box of pizza.
Vehicle a fire hydrgen that is next to a street
Person In lady standing with her hand on carrots in a market.
Animal An adult giraffe standing near a white duck in a field of grass.
Kitchen a bowl of peas, broccoli and carrots with utensils
Furniture There are meats and vegetables on a flatbread
Electronic A desk with five computers in a row on it. 
Electronic a white male taking pictures with his cellphone
Vehicle A ship sitting at port on the water front.
Vehicle a bird is sitting out on some rocks in the water
Animal there is a cat laying on the table enjoying the sun
Accessory The large bird stands on rocks near the beach.
Kitchen A sandwich with salad on a plate and a cup of pop
Person An older man is skiing down a snowy mountain.
Furniture A man leaning back with a tennis racquet in his hand.
Food Someone holding a hot dog cut in half on some bread.
Person A group of men standing near a fire hydrant.
Person A man on a long exposure picture riding an electric skateboard.
Vehicle The front end of a red motorcycle that is on display.
Outdoor a couple of park benches next to some trees
Vehicle A husky jumping jumping above the water of a pool
Vehicle a formation of fighter jets flying by in the air
Person A train is traveling down the rail road tracks. 
Sports A man is drenched by the spray from the crest of a wave as he attempts to stand up on his surfboard.
Person An old- fashioned train rounds the corner on train tracks. 
Indoor A den with a large coffee table, couch and a television.
Sports a man watches as a dig looks at a toy in the air 
Kitchen Plates that have a burger, french fries, and condiments on them.
Accessory There is a skateboarder riding his board on the sidewalk
Accessory A cop is riding a motorcycle at an intersection in a city at night.
Person The young boys are playing a game of baseball in the park. 
Electronic A child holding a sippy cup and the remote 
Person A woman is standing near a brick wall
Person Two people wearing skis on a snowy slope.
Animal A horse standing on top of a grass covered field.
Electronic a desk top with a bunch of electronics on it 
Kitchen A white bowl with green broccoli and green apples.
Person The people was looking at the balls and chair
Sports A person on a boogie board in the water. 
Furniture A dog between the feet of a person looking at a TV.
Person The skier is quickly racing past the yellow flag. 
Person A pizza sitting on top of a white plate on a kitchen table.
Outdoor A fire hydrant with a sticker of different animals on it.
Outdoor A man in white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
Appliance A black and silver fridge next to a large mirror.
Electronic The man is sitting next to his bed on the laptop. 
Animal Cows stand in line at a far as people look at them.
Person A plate of donuts on a tray sitting on a table in a bakery.
Furniture a man speaking at a podium during an event
Sports A guy on a skate board up in the air by a ledge.
Animal A giraffe reaching up to some tree branches
Outdoor A group of people sitting around a picnic table.
Person Spectators enjoying a show of two men on four-wheelers.
Person A small child is holding a frisbee while looking at the beach. 
Indoor A counter with porcelain figurines, an umbrella and a bowl. 
Kitchen A very clean and cozy looking kitchen that could be in a home magazine.
Person A man crouches actively as he plays tennis.
Person A woman sitting by a wooden table with green glasses and food.
Person A young boy pulls a large brown suitcase.
Vehicle A group of people walk around old planes in a hanger.
Outdoor A knit cover and note hang below a parking meter. 
Person A dog sits waiting while his owner cuts some meat.  
Electronic A large living and dining room area with rich wood features.
Animal White swans swimming in a harbor with docked boats.
Kitchen a rome with rose flowers and a sink 
Sports A man hitting a tennis ball on a professional court.
Furniture A glass bowl filled with prunes and bananas.
Outdoor an image of boy standing on top of  a bench
Furniture A spoon resting on the edge of a bowl of soup.
Kitchen One apple and several oranges sit in a bowl.
Kitchen A wooden table topped with plates and bows filled with food
Indoor A very cute dog standing on a skate board.
Food Broccoli, green beans and various other foods in a tray.
Kitchen A young woman writes in a notebook beside an open notebook computer.
Furniture A tissue box on top of a toilet in a bathroom.
Kitchen Several pieces of wood lined up near a lot with several axes around.
Person A female tennis player tossing a tennis ball up.
Animal A car on road passing by an elephant with mountains in background.
Person a little green cart filled with assorted suitcases 
Animal The grey and white cat stares up near a laptop.
Sports A small boy skiing down a snowy hill
Kitchen A man in a reception hall holds a drink
Person A person on skis does a trick on a rail.
Furniture A woman sits in a chair talking on the phone. 
Furniture Two plates full of food sitting on a table next to a bottle.
Electronic Smiling, bespectacled female officer on a phone call
Vehicle  a river.A group of people with life jacket rowing a long boat in
Animal some animals are grazing in a large field
Sports A kid in a camo shirt riding a skateboard down the street.
Person Some people are playing a game and having some fun. 
Indoor A room with two sofas and a fireplace. 
Sports A man makes a jump on his skateboard before a crowd.
Animal Two sparrows sit n a table with a red tablecloth at an outdoor cafe. 
Sports Woman waiting for a serve in a tennis match.
Vehicle A city street filled with lots of traffic and lined with buildings.
Person a male skateboarder in a white shirt is doing a trick
Accessory A young man kissing the top of a young woman's head.
Appliance The interior layout of an average clean bathroom.
Person A man is offering leaves to four giraffes.
Kitchen A man sitting texting while having a drink
Person The green bus is on a street with other traffic. 
Accessory a green tent and a parked motorcycle and some trees
Kitchen A pile of pancakes sitting on a plate of food.
Kitchen A sink is pictured with a small shelf full of products.
Sports A person downhill skis on a snowy day.
Vehicle A black and white photo shows a boat sitting on a beach.
Food A woman holding a small cake with lit candles.
Person A man playing a tennis game in front of a crowd.
Indoor The cat sits directly in front of the television.
Indoor a book a camera lens a cellphone on a white counter top
Appliance A cat curled up in a white bathroom sink.
Indoor A living room with windows looking out onto a forest.
Person An office desk with two computer screens, books diagrams and a phone on it.
Vehicle Men on bikes riding alongside a car on the street
Outdoor A cat sitting on a chair looking down.
Food A painting that has a gold frame on it.
Appliance a white toilet in a black counter bathroom
Person A group of people with skis in the snow.
Sports A male walking out of the water holding a surf board.
Animal A man reaches out to give the elephant something. 
Furniture A table has colorful flowers and food on it.
Animal a number of horses standing near one another 
Person A remote control sitting on a table with the telivision in the background. 
Animal An elephant standing next to a stone in a cage.
Accessory Three teenage girls hover under an umbrella while they talk and laugh.
Vehicle Two people posing together outside with their motorcycle.
Food A slice of pizza that is on top of a napkin.
Outdoor A person wearing orange pants standing on a bench
Kitchen The large ham sandwich is cut into hlaves.
Indoor A laptop and planner sitting on a cluttered desk.
Indoor A man sitting in a chair across from a table topped with food.
Sports A young girl standing on a grate with a racket.
Person People on a sandy beach with a kite.
Animal African elephants file through dry grass and shrub growth.
Kitchen a close up of two bowls of food on a table 
Kitchen A smiling man sitting by a very nice looking cake.
Furniture A couple of men in front of a television with a remote.
Animal A sheep standing up against the side of a house covered in grass.
Furniture The boy and girl are making pizzas together.
Sports a tennis player running to get to the ball
Accessory Two young girls in uniforms sitting closely together.
Person A person using a wind surfboard, on the beach.
Food A pizza sitting in a pizza box on top of a table.
Accessory A woman with a purple umbrella stands on a brick street.
Animal Men race on wheeled vehicles towed by a group of husky dogs.
Sports a person skiing down a snowy hill side.
Food The man is holding the child and lighting the candle.
Accessory A little girl stands, hand to face on the edge of a field.
Sports A couple of men standing on top of a grass covered field.
Kitchen A cat standing next to a laptop computer on top of a table.
Kitchen An almost empty plate with a lemon slice on it
Food A bunch of carrots on a knife sitting on a cutting board.
Person A city bus drives through a city area.
Person A woman wearing a white top smiles at the camera.
Kitchen A dish of food and a drink sitting on a table.
Person A woman eating food at a table in a kitchen.
Outdoor A long train traveling down a city street with tall buildings.
Person Two people sitting on a bench silhouetted against the sea.
Person A man stands in between a gas pump and a motorcycle while a woman in heels stands next to them.
Sports A skier in mid air after a jump 
Indoor two teddy bears and a stuffed snowman wearing hats
Sports Several people standing in the snow near trees.
Kitchen A dinner plate containing a sandwich and pasta.
Vehicle The guy is travelling on his motorcycle outside.
Person A bus traveling down a curvy road behind a black car.
Sports Adults enjoying game of badminton on grassy field.
Accessory A row of tables with the reflections showing in the water below.
Vehicle Covered boats are in the water by the shore.
Animal A man plowing with oxen on a dirt road.
Furniture A banana sitting on a yellow beach chair next to a small umbrella  looking out a window at the blue water.
Animal A cat is sitting on the bed near a person using a laptop.
Animal an orange white and black bird and a curtain
Person a small chicken is standing by a bench
Vehicle The model toys are positioned on the table. 
Electronic A woman with a hand bag on a cell phone next to another woman.
Person a man skiing down a hill by himself 
Kitchen A couple of butter flies on a plate with lemons.
Furniture  Playing Wii with the nunchuk never looked so good.
Vehicle A red double decker bus headed to Victoria is parked on the side of the street.
Food a table with dessert items sitting with displays posted up behind them
Animal A giraffe stands alone outdoors at the zoo.
Person Train riding down the train track stopping at the station.
Food People walking in front of an outdoor fruit market. 
Person A couple of motorcycles parked next to each other.
Furniture A city street scene of a restaurant with tables outside.
Indoor A young man sitting on a park bench next to a playground.
Person A green and yellow train traveling past a platform.
Accessory Crowd standing outside of a bike show event.
Person a persons hand reaching for the top of a toilet
Kitchen A yummy looking sandwich with a salad and a drink.
Person A work crew repairs a stop light in the town. 
Sports a female standing beside a wooden post with a fake background
Outdoor A group of skiers greeting each other on the slope.
Accessory a man is walking in the rain with an umbrella held close to his head
Accessory A woman holding an umbrella and walking beside a bus.
Accessory A picture of a public parking booth. 
Furniture Cats curled up and lazing on a couch
Person Snowboarder going down a slope with trees in the background
Person A girl is playing a game system while other kids look on.
Kitchen Group of adults enjoying food and conversation together.
Vehicle A picture of a person standing by a bicycle.
Outdoor An outdoor baseball game with a runner being tagged at base.
Kitchen a baby elephant drinking milk out of a bottle
Furniture A room with filtered light coming through vertical blinds on a doorwall,  with a sleeping dog lying on a dog bed next to a rocking chair
Kitchen View of a meal laid out on a brown table from above.
Furniture Lady standing in a retro pink and turquoise bathroom.
Accessory A little boy is pulling the luguage  in a suit case
Kitchen female soldiers helping out citizens in the kitchen
Accessory A boy playing with a kite in the park.
Furniture a group of bananas are resting on a stand 
Person A blue-eyed toddler talks on the cellphone while he types something on the laptop.
Vehicle A couple of people sitting in chairs behind an airplane.
Person A baseball player runs into home plate during a game.
Vehicle a motorcycle is parked in a grassy field
Person A baseball player holding a bat next to a base.
Person A small child wearing a tie stands with his luggage.
Food Several birds on a perch with some bananas.
Accessory This gentleman is shirtless, walking his bicycle down the street of an Asian city.
Sports A group of adult soccer players waling in a grassy area. 
Sports A man performing a trick on a ledge on a skateboard.
Sports A guy playing in a big grassy field with a disc.
Sports A man on snow skis with his dog.
Animal A bird walking past a white car in a lot
Vehicle A tan utility truck with a blue interior.
Appliance This bathroom seems to be very dirty and old
Electronic A statue is sitting on a bench and a woman sits on a cement block.
Sports A man on a surfboard riding an ocean wave.
Outdoor A closeup of a large stop sign in the bushes.
Vehicle A small boat makes its way across the water on an overcast day.
Sports A red, white, and blue kite sails through the blue sky.
Indoor A man that is sitting at a desk with a pen and laptop.
Person a yellow green white and red double decker bus and a building
Furniture A purple flower is in a watering can on the window sill.
Person A woman has crocheted case for her iPhone. 
Accessory A woman with an umbrella hat talks on her cell phone. 
Accessory A bus about to stop to pick up passengers.
Furniture A man is running the bases in a baseball game. 
Kitchen A small toy is sitting on a plate of pizza.
Vehicle Two young women are eating hot dogs while walking down the sidewalk.
Furniture Man dressed in leopard robe next to a bed.
Accessory A high-speed passenger train is being loaded with luggage. 
Kitchen A picture of cooked fish in a tray.
Animal a couple of sheep are in a grassy field
Indoor A young man sitting in a chair holding a toothbrush.
Person a man putting a puppy inside of an oven.
Person The subway station with bright lights and a subway coming through 
Person A skier in a squat position on skies skiing downhill.
Person a person that is flying a kite in the sky
Indoor A yellow rose in a clear vase filled with water.
Person Many people are driving motorcycles through an intersection.
Electronic A small child holds two video game controllers.
Appliance A man is cooking in an outdoor state of the art commercial looking oven in the midst of a farm.
Person A crowd watching a professional baseball game on a sunny day
Electronic A stack of books sit on a desk next to a bottle of beer.
Person A group of four older men posing for a photo.
Accessory A tall man is on snow skis on a pathway.
Person A young girl watches a laptop on a bed. 
Outdoor The sign is now at a red light.
Person a boy that is on a skateboard doing a trick
Furniture A statue is sitting on a street bench.
Person A skier is skiing on a metal beam.
Outdoor A dog sniffs the base of a fire hydrant.
Accessory a  doll sitting on top of an open suitcase 
Kitchen A food tuck parallel parked along a street.
Furniture Two men playing an interactive video game in a room with friends.
Accessory Three people are sitting and waiting on a planter.
Animal Zebras share a grassland with wild pigs in Africa.
Electronic A sandwich on a toasted roll sits atop a green leafy salad with tomatoes.
Accessory A pair of skiers walking up a side of mountain.
Furniture An assortment of rags hang on a metal rack.
Animal A dog sitting between its masters feet on a footstool watching tv
Accessory A woman is taking a picture of food with a mobile device.
Kitchen Painting of oranges, a bowl, candle, and a pitcher
Electronic A cat sitting on the man's lap while the man types on the laptop. 
Animal A man sitting at a green bench next to a tall tree.
Person A woman laying in bed  in her underwear.
Animal Three elephants reaching over a metal fence with their trunks.
Kitchen Several laptop computers and electronic devices on a desk.
Kitchen A little boy is swinging a baseball bat at a ball.
Accessory Several antique trinkets are arranged on a table. 
Person older man tries to block younger man's frisbee throw
Indoor A clock that has replaced numbers with teacups
Vehicle a train on a track near many trees 
Person Male surfer in the water doing tricks on his surfboard. 
Indoor A vendor has lots of different vases for sale.
Accessory A collection of suitcases lined up in front of hotel curtains.
Animal A person petting the head of a cute fluffy sheep.
Person Spectators watching as competitors play a double tennis game.
Animal A person sits on a bench with a water bottle next to him
Person A man in a black jacket holding a zebra print umbrella.
Person a busy street corner with lots of vehicles. 
Person a man that is taking a picture of a little boy
Kitchen A plate on a wooden table full of bread.
Person People standing around a waiting room with a flat screen TV.
Food Soup with meat, pasta and greens in a white bowl.
Electronic A dark room with an open laptop and a computer monitor behind it.
Person A woman takes a self portrait in a mirror
Person A woman is on a phone in front of a fruit stand.
Accessory a herd of elephants standing side by side in an enclosed area
Food An elderly woman seated at a table holding three pizzas.
Person a vintage photo of a bike eith a lock on it
Furniture People get a meal from outdoor food trucks.
Food A bunch of bananas on a plate with a sign on it.
Sports People are windsurfing near a beach on a cloudy day.
Accessory A lot of people that are outside in the dark.
Furniture A bathroom with orange decorated wallpaper and a mirror. 
Vehicle A dog competing in a long jump in to water contest
Person A man stands in front of a wall featuring a variety of dials, clocks, and pictures. 
Person a electric sign sits next to a park 
Animal Zebras lay about and eat hay in their pen.
Accessory A young man standing in front of a flat screen TV.
Person Two men are riding motorcycles through some ruins.
Vehicle Two women at a beach with tennis rackets in their hands and one girl looking very excited with her tennis racket in the air. 
Vehicle A busy intersection with an ice cream truck driving by.
Sports A skier is para-sailing in the snow with other skiers.
Kitchen A lunch bowl with bread, sausage, tomato, and egg. 
Electronic an image of a very old fashioned living room
Kitchen The large bathroom has four sinks and a chandelier.
Person A person dressed as a giraffe carrying a bullhorn.
Animal a horse with a person riding on top of it 
Person A tennis player jumping up in the air with her tennis racket.
Furniture a plate of broccoli on a table next to some other plates of food 
Electronic a man plays Wii Sports boxing in a very messy living room
Person A table with bananas close to the road.
Accessory the girl is standing under a clear umbrella
Person The empty bench is sitting next to the potted tree.
Food Variety of fruits such as bananas, oranges, and apples on a platter.
Outdoor A BOY TAKING A PICTURE WITH HIS PHONE
Appliance The dog stares at the food inside the oven.
Person A group of people with a man in the background with a stick.
Animal an image of a dog playing with a frisbee
Furniture A bedroom done in animal prints with red and black pillows.
Outdoor A professional baseball player takes a swing in front of fans in a crowded stadium.
Furniture A view of a bathroom, with two urinals in it.
Vehicle Red and white train at the end of a train station.
Person A man is pretending to hit a statue of a giraffe.
Food A counter stands in the center of a kitchen.
Person A man standing on the beach watching some sea bird feed.
Food A viw of a cake with pieces cut off of it.
Outdoor A little cat looking at itself in a mirror.
Person Two men fake biting a surfboard for a picture.
Vehicle A very tall and big room with some people.
Sports A skateboarder riding his board down the sidewalk.
Furniture Two little girls in the kitchen making  cheese pizzas.
Sports A group of people in a field smile holding frisbees.
Indoor A man sitting at a computer desk in front of a monitor.
Indoor A tall clock tower with a large clock on it's face.
Sports Female tennis player in full run on a blue court to complete a backhand return.
Sports A tennis match with a crowd watching the action.
Electronic There is no image here to provide a caption for.
Furniture A couple of stools are in front of a kitchen bar
Kitchen The cell phone is next to a pear, a mug, and a bottle of tea.
Furniture A series of pictures showing a flambe cake.
Person a close up of a person driving a motorcycle on a road
Furniture These people are going to have pizza and wine.
Electronic A woman in a jacket with a hood looking at a cell phone .
Appliance Drawing of a large bathroom that appears to be vintage.
Person A group of women operating a car wash.
Sports A young man skateboarding jumps on a concrete ramp.
Accessory A herd of sheep traveling down a city street.
Furniture some people in a kitchen preparing food on a counter
Furniture a group of people all sitting on the couch and doing things
Electronic A person showing a picture on their cellular phone. 
Indoor this is a bed with a blanket on it
Sports a female holding a tennis racket and lunging for a tennis ball
Person A group of people playing a game of baseball on a field.
Indoor A kitchen and dining room with an ocean side view.
Food A close up of a cheese pizza on a plate.
Person Two people standing holding bags and wearing hats.
Indoor A very small cute kid brushing his teeth.
Kitchen A bowl of noodles, meat and broccoli with a fork.
Person A person on a motor bike on a street.
Accessory two people standing side by side smiling and one wearing a tie
Person a few animals that are in side a fence
Animal A black bear is standing outdoors in the wild. 
Person A large group of people lounge on a lawn for an event.
Person A man sitting on a bench in a wood.
Person Two towels are hanging on the wall beside a shower door.
Appliance A picture of a white bathroom with a sink,toilet and bathtub.
Vehicle A single green motorcycle Ina full parking lot
Animal A couple of baby elephants snugging trunks while standing on a  dirt field..
Indoor A silver oven that is next to some silver shelves. 
Accessory A television screen in an open space at a political function.
Accessory a black and white photo of a person holding a sign
Vehicle A stove top oven sitting on a pile of junk outdoors.
Person a close up of a person sitting on a beach next to a surf board
Person a large cheesy pizza on a wooden counter
Person A photo of a woman sitting with two dogs.
Animal A large square concrete wall, which shows people over the rim, has inside of it a pinkish cloud of dust and a fallen bull as well as two horses, the closest of which is trotting forward with a man in western gear , who is looking back at the bull.
Food some pots and pans a clock a sink  and some cabinets
Accessory There is a white horse pulling a trolley behind it.
Person A young boy taking a swing at a tennis ball
Food Two children in the kitchen making hand made pizzas
Person Two adult men stands with a group of little league baseball players for a group photo
Animal A CROWD OF PEOPLE OUTSIDE STANDING IN FRONT OF A BUILDING 
Appliance A kitchen that has a red pot and a red towel
Animal a couple of zebras are standing in a pin
Indoor The cat is sitting inside of a bowl on a table.
Person A man is herding his goats is the desert
Electronic some stairs a couch a table and a television
Food A man taking a pic of a sandwich on a table
Kitchen some bananas are in a bowl on a table
Animal The head and shoulders of a zebra in silhouette. 
Electronic A cat standing next to a laptop computer on top of a table.
Person There is a tray filled with sauce covered food
Kitchen A cat laying in a green bowl on a wooden table.
Kitchen a piece of chocolate cake and a fork on a plate
Food Close up of a bunch of bananas on a wooden counter.
Kitchen A dining room has a dining table and chairs, wall tapestry, and bar cart.
Accessory A young woman stands still on a grassy patch 
Person A young woman in pink leggings playing tennis
Indoor A pair of scissors sitting on a wooden box on a table.
Kitchen A white tray topped with lots of different coffee cups.
Indoor A thermometer near a tiled wall beneath trees.
Food The cake is topped with five whole strawberries.
Furniture A plate topped with three hot dogs on top of a table.
Person Woman waiting for a serve in a tennis match.
Vehicle a couple of trains are on the tracks
Animal Grey cat laying on a green floor near a sandel.
Vehicle Traffic passing in front of a cathedral type building
Accessory a street corner with a traffic light  in front of a Carphone Warehouse store with lots of people on the sidewalk
Sports Four men playing Ultimate Frisbee in a park.
Sports A room with filtered light coming through vertical blinds on a doorwall,  with a sleeping dog lying on a dog bed next to a rocking chair
Outdoor A close up photo of a parking meter.
Vehicle a train that is next to a train track
Appliance Two men cooking in a stainless steel restaurant kitchen
Vehicle Person on motorcycle in a very scenic rock area.
Food A black and white image of a lot of round objects.
Person A young man rides a surf board on a small wave while a man swims in the background.
Furniture Four metal plates each holding a pizza on a table.
Animal A man seated on a bench with a plastic bottle
Vehicle A group of people riding on the back of a boat in a river.
Indoor A teddy bear under some furniture that appears to be turned on it's side.
Vehicle A crowded city street filled with motorcycle and car traffic. 
Kitchen A woman looking at a broken ceiling light in a kitchen 
Furniture Three urinals are displayed with sings above them.
Vehicle a red bricked building with a green door and graffiti
Person a couple of kids playing a game of checkers.
Outdoor A man leans on a pole as he bends down.
Electronic This video game has a Wii device and instructions.
Vehicle A view A large metal structure near the side of a building
Electronic a cat laying on top of a chair in the living room 
Sports A girl is playing in a grassy area.
Sports A tennis player is attempting to hit the ball. 
Animal A black dog sitting next to a mirror and pail.  
Food A close up picture of a table with some good food on it.
Vehicle two people outside sitting on chairs with planes around them.
Animal The herd of cattle stand beneath the overcast sky.
Vehicle A metro style train speeding down the tracks between evergreen trees.
Vehicle A road that has signs, trees, and telephone poles near it.
Vehicle A person riding a motorcycle  down a road.
Animal A dog sitting on a couch and a cat on the floor of a living room.
Indoor A room with pillows, sheets, bookshelves, and hanging lights.
Indoor Several antique trinkets are arranged on a table. 
Kitchen a office with three computers spread out everywhere
Vehicle A long bridge with cars has a train going underneath.
Animal A small bird is standing on the concrete
Animal That looks like a herd of moose in the snow.
Animal A hawk is perched on a metal bar.
Furniture Two girls with brown hair play with Wii remotes.
Accessory Several people holding umbrellas and standing next to deer.
Person A man and two dogs on the beach.
Vehicle A large trains travels past a river that contains several different boats
Indoor Some office supplies that have been grouped together.
Vehicle A child sits on a bench at a playground.
Appliance A crowded kitchen that is cluttered and messy.
Sports A man standing on a wet beach holding a blue board.
Electronic A woman is talking on her phone while dragging on a cigarette.
Electronic A room with a painting, books, and guitars. 
Electronic A small vase of flowers sit on a wooden table near magazines.
Person A woman sits eating food at a table.
Furniture A vase with red flowers in it on a table.
Person A woman looking at an elephant in its enclosure.
Vehicle A man on a motorbike rides down the street.
Furniture A man in white shirt and shorts playing a game of tennis.
Electronic A girl is sitting on a brick wall using her cell phone.
Person a black and white photo of a baseball player
Furniture a piece of a chocolate cake on a plate 
Appliance An older picture of a large kitchen with white appliances.
Animal A young boy standing on a field next to a giraffe.
Person A man standing in a wooden area with a frisbee in his hand. 
Person Two girls sitting on device on side of a boat.
Outdoor A white building on a green lawn with trees and a fire hydrant.
Vehicle a window with rain drops on it looking at a street light 
Person a woman is feeding food to this small child
Food A mostly eaten chocolate cake with one slice left. 
Sports A baseball player swinging a bat over home plate.
Food A young boy sits at a table with his head in his hand.
Animal A stuffed elephant standing in a museum window.
Furniture The man is holding the child and lighting the candle.
Animal Many cows travel down the side of a street
Furniture A group of people standing in a kitchen.
Vehicle A small white truck on the road next to trees.
Sports Two dogs, on wearing something heavy around its neck, run over the ground.
Kitchen A gray cat standing on top of a black car.
Kitchen A living room with white walls, rectangular windows, and grey and red furniture. 
Accessory People eating a meal at a long table covered with umbrellas outside a restaurant 
Sports A large group of people are posing on grass with a frisbee.
Outdoor A cat on a porch looking at it's reflection. 
Appliance A girl holding a tray of food by an oven ready to put it in.
Animal a bed room with a dog in a neatly made bed
Electronic A living room with fireplace, table, and piano.
Kitchen A group of men sipping drinks and talking at a table.
Sports Man in a crowd of people with a skateboard.
Electronic The four huge bananas are still connected together.
Outdoor two street lights that are both on the green light
Food Bananas and apples are being sold at the market.
Vehicle A busy street crammed with businesses and parked cars.
Outdoor A trolley that is being pulled by a white horse.
Food A white donut with a jumping rope to work it off.
Kitchen A chocolate cake sitting on a plate topped with powered sugar.
Accessory a wax head is looking out of a car window
Furniture A small dog is laying on a couch with a shoe.
Accessory Man in red shirt and black pants standing next to white flatbed truck cab next to a set of new tires.
Food A young mother at home with her two children.
Vehicle A street that has all the traffic stopped at a traffic light.
Person A collage of photos including two which portray colorful fire hydrants.
Sports Different views of a man who is skateboarding.
Person This girl is flying a kite near a tree and and small boy.
Electronic a small modern day house sits well lit
Person a busy street with cars in action and a train zooming by 
Animal The cow is positioned next to the wall. 
Animal A cat is laying in an open suitcase on top of some clothes.
Animal A dog holding a Frisbee in the middle of a beach.
Vehicle A person kicking up on their skateboard at the top of a ramp.
Sports A surfer rides a wave in front of a long beachside boardwalk.
Person A desk with a keyboard, laptop and monitor.
Electronic A remote control on a wooden table in front of a television. 
Electronic a table that has some computers on it
Sports The snowboarder does a flip at a competition.
Indoor A couch in a living room with walls lined with a bookcase and pictures.
Electronic a living room with a big black couch in the middle of it
Furniture A street full of cars that are driving and parked and a group of people sitting outside eating.
Food a family sitting around a long table filled with a lot of food 
Furniture A picture of a white toilet in the rest room. 
Sports A skateboard going around cones in a skateboard competition. 
Sports Beach full of surfers inside and outside of the water.
Person A man lighting candles on a birthday cake for a little girl.
Animal a small dog wearing a shirt and sniffing something on the ground
Animal Several people and a dog stand in front of a fruit stand.
Animal There are people walking down the street that is crowd
Sports People standing in an over cast ski looking out to sea with surf boards.
Appliance A brightly lit kitchen with lots of natural light.
Person A man works on his laptop in the dark. 
Outdoor A very big city bus on wet city street at night.
Indoor A meal sits on a table that has been well decorated.
Kitchen Here are motorcyclists parked outside a Polish gathering spot for women
Person He is ready to block the flight of that Frisbee.
Furniture A fresh-looking salad on a square plate. 
Furniture A vase filled  with yellow flowers next to a window.
Person A picture of a recently married couple displayed behind glass.
Furniture A toilet with two sinks and mirrors with lights on
Furniture two tennis players on a court with rackets
Person Outside view of the MGM Grand in Las Vegas with people sitting and walking.
Outdoor A green yard has a little bench and brick fence.
Person A person is leaning low on their motorcycle on the tracks.
Vehicle Traffic lights captured at sunset with slow shutter speed.
Person A man preparing food on a large old oven.
Food A young gir holding a child with a boy standing next to them
Electronic A shadow looks like a cat in a living room.
Sports A kite has fallen from the air in to the water
Person Buildings with large signs "Park Here" with rainy cement
Kitchen A man at a table taking a picture of his food.
Vehicle A city road with cars, traffic lights and road signs.
Sports A small lit baseball field at night with people playing baseball.
Vehicle Skateboard rider doing a trick near a beach during sunset.
Outdoor A large group of people on some bikes on a street.
Kitchen A group of people sitting at a dining table.
Person A group of people in chef outfits at a kitchen counter.
Indoor The cathedral has two clocks on each of it's walls. 
Person A transit bus riding through a city street at night.
Sports Two photographs of a man in black shirt riding a skateboard.
Vehicle A neon double decker bus is driving by a few pedestrians.
Accessory a person on a motorcycle along a farmers market
Accessory A guy in a green shirt holding his cell phone to take a picture.
Kitchen Plate with pizza, knife and fork laying on edge of plate with two glasses next to them.
Electronic A person with a disk in their hand in front of a laptop. 
Furniture a man is carving into a cake covered in fruit
Furniture A group of people sitting around a table with laptops and notebooks.
Animal A dark cat hiding in between a laptop. 
Furniture Doorway view into a bathroom with a sink and toilet.
Food A bowl of Asian Cuisine with beef, noodles and broccoli.
Vehicle A few people are getting of a plane.
Vehicle The car lights are streaking by on the street.
Person A man riding a wave back to the shore
Electronic Cat sleeping in front of a powered on laptop computer.
Vehicle An old biplane that is flying low for the crowd.
Person A pair of military personnel cutting and serving a cake.
Person A man stands next to a copier machine
Person A group of men standing near a vehicle and planes.
Food very ripe bananas placed on a purple basket
Person A lot of people riding boards on top of a wave.
Electronic A man and woman hugging in a restaurant
Outdoor A pavement where a person foot are seen having skates. 
Person Three men and a woman playing a wii video game
Food a plate of pastry on a wood table and a glass of drink 
Sports a man standing in the grass holding a tennis rackett
Furniture A church with pews running along the sides with a clear center isle.
Person A woman leaning on ski spikes on a snowy mountain.
Person The team mates are lifting up one of their members.
Animal The sheep is standing all alone on the rock.
Animal three short furry bears sniffing in some weeds next to a grassy bank 
Person An Indian man and woman in the water on the edge of a river.
Kitchen a close up of a bowl of carrots and broccoli
Vehicle A building with many trucks of different colors on a parking lot.  
Person Man wearing a blue shirt and pink tie posing for a picture sitting by a window.
Outdoor A parking meter with a note attached to it.
Person A parking meter with a note attached to it.
Sports Group of soccer players on field kicking ball.
Electronic A woman and her son picking out sweets at a bakery.
Furniture A copse of men sitting next to each other at a table.
Person An outdoor stall sells tomatoes, bell peppers, green beans, carrots, zucchini, eggplants, and turnips. 
Kitchen French fries and a bag with bread sticking out 
Outdoor A bike parked in front of a parking meter.
Electronic A couple sitting on a couch holding Wii remotes.
Indoor A red tooth brush sitting next to a tube of toothpaste.
Food An Asian woman eating by a large window.
Animal A hand is holding a carrot for a llama to chew. 
Electronic A person is near a glass door in a room with a computer.
Vehicle A passenger jet is flying across the sky.
Outdoor a public transportation bus with an advertisement on the side 
Sports two people walking up the hill so they can ski down it
Person a black and white picture of tow baseball players and a coach 
Sports Two men posing for a picture in a tennis game in a funny way.
Furniture A full view of a bathroom with sink and toilet in the back. 
Furniture A bathroom with a toilet, tiled walls and a chained shower. 
Person A yellow police motorcycle parked on a road near a large crowd behind a barrier.
Person A bunch of bananas on a plate on a counter.
Person A man sitting on a chair with his feet proper up .
Animal Three large horses eating hay while a small horse stands behind.
Appliance A very clean and cozy looking kitchen that could be in a home magazine.
Kitchen A woman holding a drink and a large carrot
Indoor this is a blow dryer in a bathroom
Person A group of people that are walking on horses.
Person A couple of giraffe standing next to each other.
Person A happy dog sitting on the grass next to a frisbee.
Electronic A little boy talking on the phone and playing with a computer.
Person A railroad train that has just gone under an overpass.
Indoor A tall building with a clock tower that is lit up at the top.
Furniture A wooden table with four wooden chairs in front of two windows..
Kitchen A group of people standing inside of a moving tram.
Person A group pauses to mingle and relax while skiing.
Person Red and white bus parked at the curb of a street under blue sky.
Animal a black and white cat sitting by a window and looking outside
Furniture A wood paneled kitchen with dining table and tiled floor.
Indoor Girls stands in living room with microphone. 
Accessory A World War Military Motocycle on display at an event.
Person There are man lining the sides of the dumb truck.
Kitchen A kitchen has a refrigerator and ice chest. 
Person A truck loaded with cargo slowly creeps down the street.
Person A beautiful woman sitting on a brick wall.
Food a big plate with some potatoes and meat on it 
Food Two pieces of pizza are served on a plate.
Food A plate of food, rice bowl, and a soup bowl is on a tray.
Sports A man waves to people in the distance on a beach.
Person Several people near a lot holding a huge quantity of motorcycles.
Person A man is sleeping with the covers pulled up high.
Accessory Man dressed in leopard robe next to a bed.
Person Tow men standing on a beach holding surfboards.
Furniture A plate of food attractively arranged on a table.
Indoor Three stuffed animals are dressed and sitting on a blanket in front of empty plates.
Animal the bear is bathing in the cool mountain stream.
Person A snowboarder dressed in white does a jump.
Indoor A woman reads a book while sitting on steps near a suitcase full of books.
Indoor A teddy bear wearing a red bow that is sitting on a Christmas tree.
Food A plate with a pizza covered in french fries sits next to a beer. 
Food A lady wearing glasses looking at a large pizza
Kitchen A male child swinging his bat at a ball, another child behind him as the catcher. 
Person Chefs working in a kitchen at a restaurant 
Person A person and a chair next to a doughnut machine.
Animal there is a black bear that can be seen walking own a hill
Person A cheerful couple wait in line at the donut shop.
Animal A person holds a bottle toward a brown and white baby cow.
Kitchen A painting of a man smiling behind a table with fruit
Sports A man walking next to a snowy hill.
Food some kind of chicken, rice, and vegetable dish on a pizza tray being served to a man.
Food A couple glasses of wine sitting on a table of food.
Accessory a couple standing together and posing for a photo
Person  A police officer riding a wide white motorcycle. 
Furniture Male tennis player on the middle of the court.
Outdoor A street scene with a car passing by.
Furniture A pink puppet toy with googly eyes on a hanger.
Kitchen A bowl full of marshmallows, chocolate, and other delicious treats.
Electronic Someone is holding a pick cellular flip phone. 
Person Two people sit at a table with two pizzas.
Electronic Two kids are playing baseball in Wii Sports
Vehicle A variety of desserts are being displayed for people to enjoy.
Accessory A tennis player makes a quick shuffle to return the ball.
Accessory A double decker bus is going down a street.
Outdoor A wooden bench sitting outside of a home.
Accessory A woman laying on the beach under an umbrella.
Animal a horse walking on a small platform in front of a group of people
Furniture A living room with furniture and a television.
Animal a little black bird with a big colorful beak sitting on a branch 
Person A man pokes his head in front of an oven open to baking cookies.
Electronic A man makes a face while holding a video game controller.
Sports A pickup truck is parked underneath multiple flying kites.
Accessory Pedestrians crossing a street between buses and cars. 
Person People sitting on the long table with plates of food. 
Vehicle An airplane on the runway either just landed or ready to take off.
Furniture A girl is playing a game system while other kids look on.
Vehicle A large blue and white bus on a road.
Sports Three people are playing with a red kick ball.
Person a big hill that has a bunch of snow on it
Indoor A man and woman playing a wii game.
Furniture The pizza is being served with a cold soda.
Vehicle A truck drives in the middle of a neighborhood road.
Person a guy having a spill on his skate board
Person Two people are playing on a Wii in a house.
Vehicle A young woman is preparing to throw a green Frisbee.
Kitchen This computer set up has two monitors and an ergonomic keyboard.
Person a brown table with a chocolate drink and a piece of white cake
Sports A couple of men reaching up towards a blue kite.
Kitchen A very bright red plate with some tasty looking food.
Furniture A toilet with a wood seat and a tiled floor
Electronic A group of men standing inside of a bus.
Electronic A small pizza and beverage sitting on a wooden table.
Person A man that has the ten commandments on his tie
Accessory Many children surrounded around a person with a beard on.
Electronic A living room with a table in front of a flat screen TV.
Sports A man holding a tennis racket over his head.
Indoor A cat sniffs the keyboard of a computer.
Vehicle a hose hooked up to a fire hydrant on a busy street
Kitchen A man is sitting in a hospital room with a piece of pizza on a plate.
Furniture A brown and white dog laying on a carpet under a table.
Person the man is working on his laptop while he waits for the train.
Sports Dog wearing blue vest catching red flying disc at outdoor event.
Person a person skateboarding near a skateboarding park at sunset.
Kitchen a black cat sitting on a desk with laptop next to it
Animal Three people are loading a horse into a horse trailer.
Furniture A scooter and tiny truck at a beach dry dock.
Person Electronic wand displayed for modern type of toilet.
Animal A person looking at a giraffe from a distance.
Furniture A man has a checked shirt and striped tie.
Furniture A black stuffed animal sitting on top of a toilet in a bathroom stall with blue floor tile. 
Outdoor A far away bench covers all the distant serenity of a beautiful flower garden.
Vehicle A man and a woman riding on a motorcycle are getting ready to hit the road.
Kitchen The people watch the man with the spoon over the candle. 
Person A playing flying over a van with multiple people around it.
Sports a person riding a skate board on a ledge
Vehicle A person on a skateboard does a flip in a parking lot.
Vehicle A boy in white jersey doing a trick on a skateboard.
Animal a herd of cows lay down on some grass 
Kitchen Woman showing delight with plated chocolate desert dish .
Vehicle A kitchen stove laying in a dumpster. 
Person Two people on a beach flying  akite
Furniture A white toilet sitting in a corner of a room.
Vehicle A train is scene in the station with no people around.
Accessory very many travelling bags placed on the floor
Vehicle A white bus is driving down the street
Sports Two longboarders coasting, crouched, across a downhill road
Accessory A vehicle and a motor bike on the beach.
Accessory group of people waiting to get onto a bus in the city
Vehicle Two airplanes are parked on the landing strip.
Furniture A zebra-print futon with red cushions in a student's room
Appliance A man taking a picture of himself in a mirror 
Person A man in a reception hall holds a drink
Appliance a man is standing inside of a food truck
Appliance A sink in a bathroom is shown with other items.
Kitchen an image of two cakes on the stove
Person a person sitting in a meeting room holding their cell phone
Vehicle Cars driving by an old building and clock tower.
Person A white bull walks along the sidewalk near people.
Food Hot dogs are being cooked over a fire outside.
Electronic a laptop on the top of a wood desk with a bookcase
Sports A man on his skateboard is riding between the parked cars. 
Kitchen A meal of donuts and a beverage is seen in front of a man at a restaurant.
Kitchen small gathering of people at a friends house for drinks
Person A person is sitting outside in a chair with a plate of food.
Accessory a woman wearing a dress and a bow tie in a pasture
Person a female standing beside a wooden post with a fake background
Sports A baseball player swings his bat while a ball floats above his head towards the catcher and umpire.
Person Three women standing in front of a sign about bananas and a bunch of bananas.
Kitchen A man covering his eyes next to cases of bananas
Indoor A line of small teddy bears are in front of several DVD cases.
Person there are two plates of food and a beer in the middle of the table
Indoor People are sitting in lounge chairs on the beach.
Person A street is lined with people and buildings.
Accessory A fire hydrant with several outlets on it by a street side.
Person A plate filled with food sitting next to three glasses.
Furniture The sandwich in the container is next to a glass of coffee.
Vehicle A car parked in front of a building and fire hydrant in the rain.
Sports A baseball player standing on the field in uniform.
Person A man is skate boarding down a path and a dog is running by his side.
Indoor an image of a woman about to eat a slice of cake
Sports The surfer is getting ready to ride the wave.
Electronic A den with couches, a chair, tables and lamps.
Kitchen A man and a women standing next to each other.
Outdoor Two old street parking meters surrounded by weeds.
Person A woman is playing video games on a small television 
Person A couple of kids petting sheep inside of a corral
Food A banana sitting on top of oranges and other fruit.
Person Basketball players walking on court with coach in wearing dark suit.
Vehicle a person riding a horse drawn carriage 
Vehicle A public bus parked in a bus station at night.
Animal a brown horse in the field gazing around
Animal A herd of elephants walking across a grass field.
Kitchen a very large pizza that is on some kind of pizza pan
Vehicle A computer is sitting on a computer desk
Vehicle a double deckered bus on a city street
Furniture A bedroom with two beds placed next to one another with a desk to one side and a small window on the opposite side.
Appliance The kitchen has a refrigerator, toaster, and microwaves.
Person One girl trying to block another girl from catching a Frisbee.
Person An umpire officiates a game of little league baseball.
Electronic A woman wearing a dark colored dress stands curbside near a large building.
Person A little boy smiling for a picture as he eats.
Vehicle Two men in blazers and fedoras with a moped in the background.
Vehicle Cat sitting on the ground between bikes showing its teeth.
Animal A dog holding a donut like toy in its mouth 
Person a red and black fire hydrant sitting next to a crosswalk
Person A group of children sitting at a long table eating pizza.
Appliance a kitchen full of cabinets, a stove, sink and refridgeratio
Kitchen A group of twenty-five squares of different photos of carrots.
Indoor A man standing in a kitchen preparing a meal.
Person Five ladies standing in the street with umbrellas.
Kitchen Antique hand painted urn on display in store.
Vehicle A boat is on calm water by a tree.
Animal A baby giraffe stands next to a adult giraffe on staring out beyond them.
Appliance A kitchen with an oven with a green rag and an orange rag.
Food These people are going to have pizza and wine.
Person A bus travels down the road next to a mountain.
Electronic Many containers of food are covered up on the table. 
Sports a couple skiers going down the snowy hill
Appliance A bare kitchen has wood cabinets and white appliances. 
Furniture a man sitting on a black leather couch messing with a phone.
Animal Three giraffe drinking from a pond with brush in back.
Appliance The contents of a refrigerator filled to over flowing
Sports A hitter is waiting for the pitch to be thrown
Animal A group of cats that are sitting on a bed.
Vehicle a luggage bag on top of a table 
Food Many people around a chocolate birthday cake with candles.
Person People in cars, on bikes, and walking near city buildings.
Accessory The cat is laying on a luggage bag
Person Cross country skier skiing along a well-worn trail.
Sports A male tennis player sitting and wiping his head with a towel.
Indoor A television is reflected from a bathroom mirror.
Person A couple of guys that were eating and are now on their cell phones.
Person a man on a surf board stands in shallow water 
Kitchen A living room and kitchen areas features red, white, and wooden furniture.
Food Several boxes of doughnuts in a line on a table.
Vehicle This gentleman is shirtless, walking his bicycle down the street of an Asian city.
Person A catcher is ready to catch the ball after it crosses the plate.
Electronic A large dining room features wooden cabinets and a marble counter top.
Outdoor A man and a woman in helmets standing at a motorcycle.
Kitchen A bathroom sink with a large walk in shower.
Person Three young people on skis pose for a picture.
Furniture Two sandwiches and macaroni and cheese and desert on a cafeteria tray.
Furniture A picture for rentals with two women walking up to them.
Person This is a chair and umbrella that is sitting near an ocean.
Food A plate of desserts with frosting and sprinkles.
Furniture A living room has a couch, a chair, and a fireplace.
Person a woman attempting to ski on a flat hill
Vehicle A man doing a trick on a skateboard off of a rail.
Kitchen A bathroom with a toilet, window and tub in it.
Accessory Man sitting on a sidewalk next to a bicycle talking on his cell phone.
Kitchen A kitchen filled with a stove top oven and a refrigerator.
Indoor A large living room with a black sectional and a recliner.
Outdoor A bike with horses in background of the rider
Vehicle A logo on a double decker bus with a lion and a sword.
Furniture A dessert cake is on a plate with a fork. 
Sports People standing in a field and flying kites.
Person Spectators are watching a snowboard competition of the Olympics.
Person Children looking at a zoo giraffe and its baby 
Outdoor A work crew repairs a stop light in the town. 
Sports People are flying a kite on a windy manicured hill.
Vehicle A propellor airplane is on a grassy runway.
Person A couple celebrating a birthday in a kitchen.
Furniture a bathroom with a decorated toilet near a trash can
Person these man are standing near a fire hydrant
Animal A cat that is staring at the camera.
Person There are not many passengers on the bus.
Vehicle A group of people that are standing outside of a bus.
Food A plate full of noodles and broccoli, next to a knife and fork.
Sports A man riding a snowboard down the side of a snow covered slope.
Animal A couple of small birds standing on top of a table.
Furniture A bride and groom standing next to a table cutting their cake.
Person A middle aged man takes a selfie in a mirror.
Accessory A black bag attached to the long handle of a piece of luggage.
Accessory Family and friends are together at the beach.
Person Guy flips his skateboard in mid air doing a trick.
Sports A lot of people on a hillside watching hot air balloons.
Food A person holding a glazed pastry item with one bite taken out
Person Two young girls peeking through the holes in their donuts.
Electronic A stack of books sitting on a desk with a bottle of beer.
Indoor A person is opening a plastic package with their hands.
Person A woman is sitting near a prominent landmark.
Person A skateboarder with his board on the edge of a concrete divider while another boy chases the skateboarder with a camera. 
Sports A man jumping up on a blue tennis court with a black tennis racket in his hand. 
Furniture A group of people stare up at something out of the frame.
Outdoor A street scene with cars on the road and people on the sidewalk.
Kitchen A quite cluttered desk with a lap and many other office material, plus a cat. 
Person A close up of a table with food, bowls and cups.
Accessory a woman holding an umbrella next to a wall 
Accessory Some people in high visibility jackets putting suitcases onto a conveyer belt from a container
Kitchen A computer desk has two monitors and other equipment on it.
Sports a young man is on his skateboard doing a trick 
Person Two people on horseback are posing while the horses gallop on a beach shore.
Outdoor a man at a restaurant using his laptop 
Sports The bottom of the skateboard deck shows lots of wear and tear.
Person A girl attempts to hit a ball with her bat while playing baseball.
Person A group of young children standing next to each other.
Furniture a bathroom with a walk in shower and toilet
Kitchen Grey color cat standing on hood of car in garage
Person The baseball player is participating in an intense game,
Vehicle Cattle on a level pasture in a mountainous area.
Person A dish of some sort on a pizza stone.
Furniture A photo of a man and his wife on a bed
Indoor Some people hanging around in a living room with a big couch.
Person a large plane is docked at the airport and connected
Person Trays of pastries and sandwiches beside a bowl of soup.
Animal A orange cat with green eyes and long whiskers.
Animal Four seahorses in the sky next to four birds.
Person A bunch of people who are standing outside a bus.
Indoor A white and green bus driving down a street.
Furniture a lady that has a bowl in her hand
Electronic People dressed in business casual clothing stand around a table of hors d'oeurves.
Electronic A man that is sitting in front of a laptop.
Vehicle An all-terrain bus for sight-seeing tourists near a glacier.
Sports A young lady is playing a baseball bat game. 
Outdoor There is a bicycle tire near an old fire hydrant.
Vehicle a couple of people that are walking in some grass
Electronic A laptop sitting on a bed near a window
Indoor A desktop computer next to a laptop computer.
Person A  man standing on a beach while holding a white surfboard.
Person A man attempting to lift up a toilet off the floor.
Person Two baseball players standing in a field surrounded by a fence.
Food A group of people walking down a mountain road.
Food A table topped with three mugs of beer and two pizza's.
Animal A large, white cow walking through the streets of a small town
Outdoor Automobiles stopped at an intersection because of a passing train. 
Appliance Two children are practicing using the potty next to each other.
Furniture A piece of chocolate pie sitting on top of a plate.
Furniture a black woman wearing white attire and shoes running on a tennis court,
Person A black and white photo of a girl petting three dogs.
Furniture THERE IS A TOILET IN THE CONER IWTH WALL PAPER
Electronic A man by desk with mixing equipment, a keyboard and a computer monitor.
Person a person on a motorcycle along a farmers market
Furniture A television in a living room with magazines on the coffee table.
Kitchen Two people are smiling holding empty wine glasses.
Sports A boy is looking to skate on his skateboard
Kitchen a bowl of different kinds of food on it
Kitchen A woman holds a carrot in her right hand with a beverage in the other.
Accessory A group of people sitting on the grassy ground with coolers and umbrellas.
Appliance A bathroom with a sliding shower door next to a toilet.
Appliance A bathroom with a big white tub with legs.
Furniture A bowl with a bunch of food in it sitting on a table
Person A variety of desserts are being displayed for people to enjoy.
Electronic A blurry photo of a girl concentrating next to what seems like party goers.
Kitchen a bath room with a bath tub a toilet and a sink
Sports People stand near some Canadian flags at the base of a mountain.
Kitchen A herb topped pizza lying on a plate.
Person Small pizza sits on a plate on a restaurant table. 
Vehicle A woman sitting at a table with two pizzas.
Person Parent serving a plastic hot dog in a bun to their child during play
Kitchen A cat leans over a desk and paws at an army knife. 
Vehicle A stack of balls that is next to a parking meter.
Person A young girl sits in the bottom bunk of her bunkbed.
Kitchen I am unable to see an image above.
Accessory A little boy dipping his hand into water.
Indoor teddy bear dressed in pink with red ribbon around neck
Sports A man with a paddle underneath a shelf.
Indoor The white and yellow clock with a red roof reads 11:44.
Sports A young boy is flying a kite in a park. 
Person Man in air catching frisbee at beach near ocean.
Person The cross country skiers are enjoying their run.
Vehicle A person taking a picture with a cell phone of them and a dog in a mirror.
Indoor Stuffed bears and ducks are lined up on the floor.
Food A woman sitting on a train is showing off a bagel.
Sports People playing a game on green grass in front of a building.
Vehicle A train car is sitting on some train tracks.
Indoor An oven with a stove top, a teapot and another pot sitting on top.
Electronic A refrigerator and freezer placed next to one another.
Furniture A cat walking through a kitchen by a eating tray.
Person A group of cows walking on a beach and people and a boat in the water.
Kitchen A container with a sausage, egg, and tomato slices and another container with bread.
Vehicle A large amount of people laying out on a beach
Person two skateboarders and one is doing a trick 
Animal Group of white horses walking next to a river.
Food This a case full of doughnuts and cinnamon buns.
Vehicle The view of a clock tower near a body of water at night.
Accessory A woman sitting at a table in front of a pile of luggage
Outdoor A man and woman sitting on top of benches.
Sports a person that is standing on a skateboard
Person A man cuts a pizza to serve with salad and wine. 
Electronic A toddler standing with a brush in her mouth.
Person a person walking down the street carrying a rainbow colored umbrella
Person A black dog laying down not watching the TV that is turned on.
Furniture a hotel room with one bed and blue chair.
Indoor There is a living room with a wide open view
Sports Twp people shaking hands on a tennis court.
Accessory People are walking along a sidewalk in a city.
Person A group of people on skis at a peak of a mountain.
Food Two hands cut into a cake with fruit on top of it. 
Electronic a young man sitting in front of a computer screen and laptop wearing headphones
Person There are two women holding objects in their hands.
Person People stand near a fence watching the baseball game.
Food People and dishes from cake at a children's party.
Accessory A white bus is pulled up to a sidewalk.
Food A red head girl holding a piece of cake
Person A little boy holding a teddy bear walking past purple flowers.
Food A tray holding a sandwich and cappuccino, next to the pastry.
Sports a guy is running at the ocean and is pulling on string to keep his kite flying.
Person A man holding his face up to a TV with a video game on display.
Furniture A woman in a coat, sitting outside on a toilet.
Kitchen A bathroom with sheer curtains framing the tub
Outdoor These are two currently unused city parking meters.
Person A large body of water with boats in the water and various people in the water at the shoreline.
Animal Three giraffes on a green field with sand, rocks and trees
Furniture A dog and cat are sleeping together on an orange couch.
Vehicle a pole that has a couple of signs on it
Electronic A man types quickly on a laptop at night.
Sports A man on a tennis court who has just hit the tennis ball
Furniture a couple of dogs are laying on a coach
Kitchen A plate filled with food sitting next to three glasses.
Appliance A purple bathroom with three sinks and a purple countertop with a mirror surrounded with light bulbs.
Sports a snow skier is doing an aerial trick
Outdoor The two teams are kicking a soccer ball.
Kitchen Three women simultaneously take a bite of pizza.
Animal A man smiles maniacly while putting a dog into an oven.
Person Three people standing next to an elephant along a river.
Outdoor A red fire hydrant on a city sidewalk.
Animal Two dogs are playing together on the grass
Furniture People sitting at the beach watching the waves roll in. 
Animal A bear laying in a canvas type net
Kitchen A beach setting with lots of people and sun umbrellas.
Kitchen a woman is giving a baby a bottle while others are congregated in the kitchen
Electronic A group of people at a table working on small laptops.
Animal A black and white chicken is walking through tall plants.
Furniture A photo of a group of surfboards under and awning.
Furniture A small living room with seating and a television.
Appliance a bowl of bananas and a bowl of apples in a kitchen
Accessory A man looks at his cell phone in a hallway
Appliance A bathroom scene with a dirty tub, toilet and sink.
Person A man and a woman in helmets standing at a motorcycle.
Appliance Two beautiful young women baking a turkey in a pan..
Person A man sitting in a chair is on the phone.
Accessory A family gathering and they are celebrating with a cake.
Vehicle A man sitting on a motorcycle near several bicycles with a partially visible person standing nearby.
Accessory A woman standing in the center isle of a bus.
Furniture A woman sitting at a desk in her work station
Outdoor A body of calm water with a wooden canoe docked on the side and a home across the water.
Furniture The people sit at the bar next to the motorcycles.
Furniture A kitchen area with a table full of various foods.
Animal A dog eats people food from a plate on the floor next to a plaid bed.
Outdoor A large truck is parked beside an old, wooden bench.
Kitchen A pizza that is sitting on a platter.
Person a group of people listening to music or possible playing video games
Food A man standing in a kitchen cooking food.
Vehicle A bus and a few cars are riding in the rain.
Vehicle Group of soccer players on field kicking ball.
Sports A person is standing with their foot on a skateboard.
Appliance A toilet and towel rack are in a bathroom.
Person A man on a surfboard that is in the water.
Animal Group of giraffes standing next to each other in a pen. 
Furniture a bowl of different kinds of food on it
Appliance A bathroom has green walls and a glass shower door.
Kitchen Four bottles sit in an otherwise empty refrigerator.
Person A man on the court with his tennis racket raised.
Vehicle A bright yellow bus stops to take on passengers.
Sports a skateboarder in a blue shirt is doing a trick
Indoor A white chair, books and shelves and a tv on in this room.
Kitchen a boy and a woman are in front of a counter
Animal Cows walk along a beach with a mountain in the distance.
Person A person getting ready to take a bite of a hot dog.
Indoor A clock fastened to a brick store front reads 10 after 10
Vehicle A bunch of pedestrians as well as cars are on a busy city street. 
Indoor Two stuffed dogs under a blanket looking at a picture book.
Accessory a red umbrella is inside out in a city
Person A female tennis player swinging her racket and running
Animal A grey cat standing in a window with grey lining.
Person A person is riding a ramp on a skateboard.
Person The tennis player wearing a purple outfit is about to hit the tennis ball. 
Furniture A newlywed couple cutting a piece of wedding cake
Indoor A woman is playing video games on a small television 
Person A woman talking on a phone sitting next to glasses.
Accessory A very tall and big room with some people.
Animal A zebra standing next to a body of water which shows his reflection. 
Animal a close up of of a cat on top of a car
Indoor A multi colored clock hangs on the wall.
Vehicle a man on his phone in some kind of room
Person A boy wearing a green shirt posing with some fruit.
Indoor Two toothbrushes sits on the opposite side of each other on the double faucet sink.
Food Man with a hot dog in a paper rapper in his hand.
Animal A cat laying on the floor next to a keyboard.
Kitchen two little sparrows standing on a table by a knife
Appliance A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher and some boxes on the counter.
Sports A skier getting ready to go out the gate.
Furniture The young boy just finished eating the banana.
Electronic A stuffed animal is in front of a notebook computer.
Vehicle A train parked next to some train tracks.
Accessory A few friends going to the beach playing badminton.
Vehicle A man standing in front of some Clysdale horses in front of some houses.
Animal A cat is sitting and watching a computer screen.
Animal Five giraffes standing together and eating near some trees. 
Person A diminutive fire hydrant rising though a suburban sidewalk.
Accessory A woman looking in the compartment of a moped.
Sports A young lad swings his Wilson tennis racquet.
Vehicle A person riding a motorcycle on a gravel road on a hill.
Vehicle A train is making its way down the tracks. 
Furniture A bathroom with blue walls, black and white checkered floor, toilet, urinal and bathtub.
Animal A dog rests on a bed in a bedroom where one person is also sitting.
Electronic Man using his laptop computer in a dark room 
Person A double decker bus that is parked in front of a big building. 
Kitchen An illuminated floral display forms the centerpiece of the arrangement in this close up of a dining room table setting.
Vehicle A red stop sign that reads " Eating Animals " below it.
Outdoor A train passing through wooded areas on a train track.
Animal Two giraffes are peering up above some bushes.
Indoor A group of friends play a game on the Nintendo Wii.
Person A  man guiding a pony with a boy riding on it.
Kitchen An orange bowl filled with lots of noodles and beef.
Indoor The woman sits at the table with the two children doing crafts.
Accessory A large group of people skiing along a snowy ridge.
Animal this is a person sleeping on a bed with a cat
Accessory Multicolored wind socks hanging from a patio roof.
Indoor A living room with brown, leather furniture and a red wall
Person Someone is driving a cart near a single engine airplane.
Food There is a pizza and plates on the table.
Sports a man holding onto a some wires while skiin 
Person A baseball player is about to throw his best pitch. 
Indoor Two girls in a room are looking at something.
Indoor A white Macintosh next to duct tape and red scissors.
Vehicle the train is crossing a street in the city
Accessory An organized baseball match between two teams with the batter swinging
Person The woman is dipping food out of the pot to eat.
Vehicle Multiple colored bus passing beside a tiered building. 
Person A man on snow skis with his dog.
Sports A tennis player that is serving the ball.
Animal A person's hand is wrapped around the head of a puppy.
Indoor A large building can be seen in the background with a clock on it's face.
Sports This is a large kite flying high in the sky.
Kitchen There is a pizza on the cutting board
Person A person that is eating some food sitting down.
Vehicle The ferris wheel is located in the middle of the water.
Vehicle Buses and tractor trailers are parked together in different directions.
Person A woman walking a horse on some property with trees.
Animal Large bulletin board of a train and a group of people.
Person A couple is sitting at a table eating pizza.
Food A peice of cake sit on a red plate with a fork beside it.
Vehicle Man riding a skate board towards the traffic on a two lane roadway.
Electronic Three computers without screens sit on a desk.
Furniture A PICTURE OF A ELEPHANT WITH A CART ON ITS BACK 
Person Two people with lots of food on a table and each has a plate
Indoor A chair and a television in a room.
Animal A small bird contemplates how to get some seeds.
Indoor A bunch of teddy bears sitting on a stone wall.
Appliance An empty bathroom with blue walls on the lights on.
Kitchen A kitchen table and chairs with greenery and tulips.
Kitchen A woman is slicing a cake with her friends.
Kitchen The bed has been neatly made and the pillows arranged.
Outdoor Tennis players in a court playing couples tennis.
Vehicle A boat is on the beach while two men dig in the sand in the distance.
Person The woman is looking at the tennis ball.
Person A man lays on a bed wearing women's clothing complete with stockings and high heels.
Person A large shadow is cast upon a busy street
Person a close up of an adult holding a child brushing their teeth
Person a man standing in the grass with his hands in his pockets
Appliance A sink, mirror and toiletries in a bathroom. 
Outdoor Three persons seated on a bench near a pool of water
Sports A man and a child flying a kite. 
Person A batter at a game playing in a baseball game.
Food Plastic containers filled with food including fruits and vegetables.
Animal An attractive young woman leads a grey horse through a paddock.
Animal A person on a motorcycle talking to a person with a watermelon.
Food A pastry station, with an assortment of fillings and sauces
Electronic The black cat with white patches is sitting beside a remote control.
Person a bathroom with a sink and a mirror
Person A child laying on a bed with a white pillow.
Person a big bird that is flying over some sand
Food a banana some papers and a pencil on a wooden table
Vehicle A traffic light on a street in a dark city.
Animal An elephant walking draped with a colorful blanket.
Animal A dog is reaching up to grab a Frisbee in his mouth.
Outdoor The wooden park benches are painted dark purple.
Animal a small group of giraffes walking across a field with dried grass and trees 
Vehicle Men are standing on the street behind a barrier, using their cell phones.
Indoor A woman smiles from behind the book she has been reading.
Animal A large black bear walking across a field.
Vehicle People seated on wooden chairs and a bicycle parked nearby.
Vehicle a lady talks on a cell phone as people walk by 
Accessory A woman past two men in front of the MGM Grand.
Furniture A wooden desk sitting in a living room with a monitor on top of it.
Vehicle three people on a field of green grass
Accessory Six men jumping in the air on the lawn
Sports A man doing a trick on a skateboard off of a rail.
Person Two people laugh near a surfboard in a room.
Person A man in black wetsuit riding surfboard on top of water.
Animal A giraffe is standing on a pile of logs in a grassy field next to trees.
Furniture two people outside sitting on chairs with planes around them.
Person Blue, white, and green passenger bus parked at a stop. 
Animal two cats in a room next to a white wall 
Animal The polar bear has his chin up as he lies on his chest
Person A man standing underneath a marathon sign in the grass
Person A group of older man standing next to each other.
Kitchen Two men use all of their hands to play a video game.
Furniture Boxed hotdog, fries and a drink are set out for daytime reading.
Person a car in front of a train on train tracks
Person A large kite is being flown above a town's skyline.
Sports a man with a hat jumping a barrier with a skate board
Person A man sits on a couch holding his phone.
Food A banana and donut in the same plastic bag.
Indoor A collage displays colorful deserts and fresh vegetables.
Animal Dirt roads on a hilly landscape with giraffes and antelope in the foreground.
Sports A man is airborne on a skateboard pointing to the sky behind him.
Outdoor A construction wall that has been used as a billboard.
Accessory In the Asian market, one can find residents, tourists, and domestic animals. 
Person A city square decorated with a tree and lights
Appliance There are sinks and black and white designs in the bathroom.
Person A person wearing a red biker shirt stands next to his bike.
Animal A black and white cow on side of street next to people.
Vehicle A school bus in the street behind other cars.
Vehicle The man is on the edge to take a picture.
Person A woman with pretty painted toe nails standing in front of a broken cell phone.
Food A bowl full of marshmallows, chocolate, and other delicious treats.
Sports Three people on packed snow trail, two skiing, one walking.
Person A person that is standing on a skateboard. 
Vehicle Two rows of cars parked next to a boat.
Accessory A man looking over an open mechanical clock.
Appliance A black and white cat drinks water from a sink faucet.
Kitchen A kitten lies down on the keyboard of a laptop.
Kitchen a plate with a slice of orange with a piece of cake 
Kitchen Closeup of a white and yellow vase with a red circle at the bottom.
Person Two young males playing a video game together in front of a tv.
Furniture There are sinks and black and white designs in the bathroom.
Person A red fire hydrant is on the brick sidewalk.
Person A man holding a bat on top of a field under a light.
Person A bird attempting to bite a piece of sandwich bread.
Food There are diced vegetables inside a saucepan on top of the stove.
Person A smiling pair of skiers with a huge snow covered mountain behind them.
Person A child sitting cross legged in front of a birthday cake.
Person a man making a flower display in a vase on a wall
Person A computer desktop with other office supplies and papers.
Accessory A man taking a photograph of skate boarders in the rain
Animal three sheep grassing in a pasture side by side.
Person A wooden table topped with plates and bows filled with food
Furniture A man presents a cake with lit candles on it to a seated man.
Furniture A vase with flowers sitting beside a window.
Person The man is the sport jacket is holding a racket.
Sports children in a gym playing a game of badminto
Vehicle Several men stand next to other men as they sit on motorcycles.
Person A man sits on his bed with a laptop in his bedroom as a ray of sunlight streams through the window. 
Vehicle A yellow pedestrian sign at the side of a lit up city street.
Animal A giraffe and a zebra are on a grassy field by the water.
Indoor A man taking a picture of plates of food.
Person A green sports motorcycle parked by a pole in a car lot.
Kitchen A group of people sitting around a table eating pizza.
Electronic a man sitting on a black leather couch messing with a phone.
Food a single slice of pizza with ham slices on it  on a plate
Furniture A cold dog curled up and going to sleep.
Accessory A man and child pose for a picture together
Kitchen a group of people walk on a beach 
Indoor a large beach filled with many people and umbrellas
Electronic People lined up at a ticket check in area with luggage.
Vehicle A woman sitting on top of a park bench in a field.
Vehicle A picture of a street light through a rainy lens.
Furniture A bathroom with toilet and sink with lots of items on the sink counter.
Person A man with glasses and wearing a tie poses for a profile picture.
Furniture A chair and umbrella sitting on a beach near a person.
Person A man riding a skateboard up a flight of steps.
Electronic People sitting on a park bench watching cars go by.
Outdoor A metal statue of two women sitting on a bench.
Furniture Two people sit closely together on chairs under an umbrella.
Animal A zebra grazes in a field adjacent to trees. 
Animal Men riding on horses and with other ones.
Accessory A group of people walk around old planes in a hanger.
Appliance A man making his plate with a table full of food. 
Sports A skier skiing down a snow filled slope.
Vehicle a line of motorcycles sitting in line 
Accessory Two people stroll through a park with benches and a playground.
Furniture Breakfast sits on the table, with eggs, hash brown and roll.
Person a woman in a congested kitchen in ahotel
Food a man that is holding a tray of hot dogs
Vehicle A large passenger jet flying through a gray sky.
Furniture the woman is playing frisbee a the family picnic in the park.
Person a group of people are playing frisbee in a park
Kitchen Two teddy bears sitting at a table with honey
Person Woman standing in a crowd holding a colorful umbrella. 
Vehicle a bunch of vehicles are coming down the road
Electronic Plate of crackers with something spread on them next to a keyboard
Food A bride and groom cut their wedding cake as others look on.
Furniture A square plate of food with vegetables, meat, and a variety of vegetables. 
Furniture A man sitting at a table eating a hamburger and fries.
Animal A photo of someone watching TV with their dog.
Furniture Two plastic containers sitting on top of a wooden table.
Person Couple of people walking up the snowy mountain with skis
Furniture a bath room with a toilet and toilet paper 
Sports Baseball players prepare for the next pitch in a game.
Person A table topped with bags of luggage and purses.
Vehicle A trolley train is traveling on a track along the beach. 
Animal A horse and rider making a jump over a fence on a field
Vehicle A bird on a parking meter next to a car.
Person A woman standing behind a fence looking at an elephant.
Kitchen A man is talking on the phone while working on the computer.
Person a man in a black hat standing next to and  holding the reigns of a horse
Food Plums and bananas are in a glass bowl. 
Person A baseball player warming up on the field.
Food A large bunch of food is on a kitchen table.
Furniture Compact bathroom area, tub, toilet, magazine area and sink.
Person A man riding a skateboard on the edge of a ramp.
Person A girl on the ground ready to throw her frisby.
Animal A dog is playing with a ball in the grass.
Sports Two women at a beach with tennis rackets in their hands and one girl looking very excited with her tennis racket in the air. 
Indoor The living room in a house with many figurines on the shelf
Food a frozen pizza being cooked in a small stove
Person A close up of a bicycle  parked on a train platform.
Person The skiers stood on top of the mountain.
Food a close up of two pots of food on a stove
Food Woman skier taking a break and enjoying a snack
Vehicle Three stuffed teddy bears are set on a toy picnic scene. 
Vehicle A man on a surfboard riding a wave 
Person A sandy beach topped with lots of lawn chairs and people.
Electronic A living room has an over stacked bookcase.
Accessory a dog is pulling a woman on a bike
Indoor A black and orange cat sitting on a wooden counter top.
Outdoor A kitchen filled with lots of white counter space.
Food A persons arm reaching over a table filled with food.
Kitchen The large crowd has gathered and is eating. 
Person A herd of sheep traveling down a city street.
Appliance A cat sitting in a bathroom sink under a  faucet.
Outdoor A man cooking hot dogs with a light colored jacket on
Indoor Large four sided clock hangs on the corner of the building.
Person A white bus is driving down the street
Person A person on skis with one standing vertically
Indoor Group of old ornaments sitting on the ground of an old building. 
Indoor An old man standing in a kitchen posing for a picture.
Person A man standing near a table with video equipment. 
Furniture A group of people at a beach in lounge chairs and umbrella shades.
Electronic there is a lap top and a desk top on this table
Person A person skiing down a  mountain kicking his leg up.
Vehicle A movie scene where actors are pretending to surf.
Appliance the people are all in a restaurant some are sitting 
Furniture A bench with a memorial plaque and flowers on each side.
Person A lot of people having some wine and talking.
Indoor a desk with two monitors and a laptop on it 
Furniture A beer sits untouched on a table with other food
Vehicle A sail boat stuck in the sand on the beach
Person The collage shows many different sets of skateboards.
Person Three people stand near a street sign and a traffic light.
Person A chef is opening and looking into the fridge.
Person A traffic signal at an intersection depicting "horse crossing".
Indoor A large clock  is on the wall where the paint is peeling.
Vehicle THERE ARE PEOPLE HOLDING CAMERA PHONES IN THERE HANDS
Sports A little boy standing in a field below a kite.
Furniture A man holding a neon frisbee in his right hand.
Person A close up of glazed donuts that are plain or with chocolate.
Electronic The tree bark in the foreground is clear while the person in the background is blurry.
Sports A man in grey baseball uniform throwing a ball.
Animal A cat sitting by a laptop but staring at a person. 
Vehicle A parked motorcycle sitting on a dirty road.
Person A group of people standing in a kitchen having conversation.
Furniture a small pepperoni pizza next to a fork
Sports A woman holding up a tennis racket during a match.
Electronic A woman riding a bike with a basket on it.
Person a person standing next to a person getting ready to catch a ball
Vehicle A train on train tracks with a person in the foreground.
Furniture Several square pizzas are sitting on round plates. 
Vehicle Orange train on tracks in the country side.
Furniture A fat orange cat on a couch beside a TV remote
Furniture A number of people around a large table working on laptop computers.
Person A bus on the side of the road in traffic.
Person A sign outside of a closed road redirecting traffic
Electronic A person takes a picture in a hotel bathroom.
Food Two small flat breads with beer samplers on each side.
Indoor A woman makes eggs on the stove top.
Furniture a collection of various food pictures mostly of desert type items
Animal A cat looking inside of a window at a statue of Buddha.
Person A man in a white shirt and gray pants walks toward a grassy area as kids in baseball uniforms and an umpire are near him.
Kitchen A man and a woman in a river.
Accessory A girl standing in a field in a dress.
Accessory A historic trolley sign is across the street from a large building.
Vehicle A man is riding on bicycle alongside a new construction building.
Outdoor A blue fire hydrant posed on a street corner in a city.
Kitchen A stoneware container on a pull out shelf in front of a microwave.
Furniture Spectators watching a professional men's tennis match indoors
Person A person is sitting behind a curtain with another person behind them.
Person a close up of a bench near a potted flower
Kitchen A dog laying on the floor with it's mouth on a bottle of beer.
Food An image of some sort of strawberry flaky pastery on display
Sports Boy riding a skate board over a concrete seat.
Indoor A mother with her baby laying in bed.
Electronic Without using hands, a man tries to bite a pair of sandwiches.
Animal Many livestock grazing in a field under a cloudy sky. 
Person Parkour while skating on a rail in urban
Person A group of two women and an older woman between them.
Electronic a man and a woman are holding video game controllers
Vehicle A boat is sitting in the sand near the water.
Vehicle Groups of people walk around a huge, multi engine airplane.
Vehicle A barber shop with a young child getting a haircut.
Outdoor A blue fire hydrant in a clearing of trees
Food A plate that has a sandwich, some chips, and a salad on it.
Vehicle A train is entering its stop with people waiting for it.
Sports A crowd of people standing on top of a field flying colorful kites.
Person A photo of a television depicts a courtroom.
Sports A man riding a skateboard on top of a cement rail.
Appliance A kitchen with a toilet, sink and a bathtub.
Indoor A wooden table holding two vases of flowers.
Person A close up of bark on a tree with a young man on a cell phone in the background
Indoor a table with a laptop and various other items.
Person A couple of little girls sitting next to each other in a bathroom.
Person A young boy in a baseball uniform getting ready to swing at a pitch.
Kitchen A woman feeding a little boy french fries at a restaurant. 
Sports A young boy swinging a baseball bat towards a ball.
Outdoor A train engine carrying carts down a track into a station.
Vehicle A silver car in the street next to a metal railing.
Indoor A little boy in pajamas playing with his toys.
Electronic a white desk a keyboard two laptops and a printer
Appliance The bathroom door is open with the light on.
Accessory a motorcycle is parked in a grassy field
Vehicle An airplane is letting off white smoke against a blue sky.
Sports A man holding a kite on a beach during the day.
Person A few people are getting of a plane.
Indoor Four women stand behind boxes of large pizzas. 
Indoor A lady is riding her bike and approaching the huge castle like building. 
Kitchen A man in a suit having a beer by the water.
Electronic Two women walking on  a train platform
Sports Two athletes actively playing a game of baseball.
Vehicle A white fire hydrant sitting on a  sidewalk.
Kitchen A patty, with frosting on it, in the middle.
Furniture Two people are playing on a Wii in a house.
Animal A rider takes their horse through some water at speed.
Indoor A rumbled bed sits empty as sun shines in the adjacent window. 
Sports A Man skis using a sail in open snow-packed field.
Accessory The action in an organized youth baseball game.
Furniture A woman who is running and swinging a tennis racket.
Vehicle A slanted picture of a woman waiting to cross the street. 
Food A knife, carrots, and cabbage on a white cutting board.
Furniture A group of buildings with clock tower and trees in night sky.
Outdoor Several police vehicles at an urban crime scene.
Person there is a young boy that is riding a horse
Indoor A bed and a mirror in a small room.
Outdoor The statue on the bench is reading a large newspaper.
Appliance A woman standing in a  kitchen preparing food.
Person Two men are on a bicycle and a third is on a scooter.
Kitchen A bathroom with a round sink and red tile backsplash
Electronic A man at a table taking a picture of his food.
Indoor An office desk with a row of books and a desktop computer and laptop computer on the desk.
Outdoor A snow covered road with a stop sign next to it.
Outdoor A traffic light on a pole with a grassy hill in the background.
Electronic A white chair, books and shelves and a tv on in this room.
Vehicle A train on the tracks near a train station 
Person a row of bikes and mopeds is parked along the street
Furniture A sculpture of a toilet made from woven wood. 
Kitchen a small bowl and a very big bowl full of fruit salad
Furniture Three stuffed animals lay in a bed cuddled together.
Outdoor a construction site sits in front of a stop sign 
Kitchen A man and a woman take a picture with their wedding cake
Person A group of people sitting at a dining table.
Appliance Two kids hanging out playing video games on folding chairs.
Vehicle a vase with a flower and a jar full of juice
Furniture A man holding a pan with hot dogs on buns. 
Person a surfer riding the waves,on a surf board.
Person A professional rider is riding a horse outside
Furniture A large brown dog laying on top of a blue couch.
Person Two children are practicing using the potty next to each other.
Animal Man with a backpack carrying his dog in the pouch.
Vehicle A car and a truck on a city street.
Person A man holding a tennis racket is holding up his hand.
Furniture this is a meal oina wood picnic table
Appliance A bathroom area with a sink and tiled counter top.
Furniture Bread that is sitting on a plate that is on a table.
Animal Two giraffes that are together in an enclosure. 
Person A city bus parked on the side of a road.
Kitchen A hot dog with a bunch of toppings and a fork sticking out of it
Furniture A plate full of different types of foods.
Outdoor Blue train car sitting on a train track near tunnel.
Furniture A couple of women playing a game of tennis on a tennis court.
Accessory Two mannequins featuring a display of fashionable clothing.
Sports A group of kites are being flown in the air.
Person a small bowl and a very big bowl full of fruit salad
Animal A large green bird feeder with a bird on it.
Person A catcher crouched behind a baseball player at bat.
Indoor a small bird sits on top of a book page 
Kitchen two young boys are enjoying pizza and pepsi
Outdoor a person standing next to a yellow fire hydrant
Appliance A living room with wooden floors and white walls.
Vehicle some people are sitting on a trolly outside
Food A person makes a sandwich on a paper plate.
Animal A dog sitting on a couch with its head cocked to the side.
Kitchen A closeup of a group of bananas on a table 
Animal Two giraffes share a branch that they are eating
Person A person who is standing on the beach and flying a kite.
Food A very large pizza covered in cheese and toppings.
Food A piece of chocolate cake on a plate.
Food A group of women wearing hats while standing at a dessert table.
Kitchen Three tourists pose for a picture next to an elephant.
Furniture A female tennis player on grass about to serve
Person A woman standing in a kitchen making food.
Indoor A living room has an over stacked bookcase.
Person a row of bicycles for sale in a store
Person A person covered with an orange sleeping bag rests his head on a blue back pack as he sleeps on a park bench. 
Kitchen A baby giraffe sucking down a bottle of milk .
Person A skier standing on a snowy mountain with trees.
Appliance A sink in a peninsula in a kitchen.
Person A man is searching for food in a refrigerator.
Animal A herd of cattle standing next to a tree together.
Appliance a clean kitchen counter with a clean sink
Indoor there is a cat that is sitting in front of a tv
Kitchen A table filled with dishes of very tasty looking food.
Furniture A young woman reading a text message that appears in the air next to her.
Vehicle A large plane is parked at the airport.
Electronic A woman in sunglasses is outside holding a baby.
Person A young boy walking on a path lined with flowers, with a teddy bear.
Furniture a fireplace a table couch piano lights and a picture
Kitchen A man that is sitting on a bench near a racquet.
Vehicle there are many boats that are parked at this dock
Kitchen Seven business people eating and talking around a dining table
Furniture A pizza with cheese and spinach on a plate.
Person A group of people flying kites of a lush green field.
Accessory A man in suit and tie is holding a drink.
Animal A kitten lies down on the keyboard of a laptop.
Furniture A dog in a a cage with a bed and bowl
Sports A man looking down at a baseball bat that he is holding in his hands 
Accessory A man who is looking at a baseball bat.
Accessory A crow walking along the floor next to seated people.
Person The person with the tye dye shirt is choosing a seat.
Kitchen This table is covered by a blue Sam Adams umbrella
Person A herd of sheep standing inside of a wooden pen.
Food A plate of food has potatoes and fruit.
Person A group of people playing with Frisbee's on the grass.
Person A couple of cats sitting on top of a counter.
Animal People and a dog are on a sail boat on a lake.
Person Three men laughing at some pictures from a projector.
Kitchen A wedding cake with fresh flower sitting on a table.
Accessory a little boy kneeling down while attempting to stick his hand in a bowl of water
Furniture A man that is sitting in front of a laptop.
Person A group of men and women gathered together outside. 
Person A woman sits in one of the easy chairs in the big living room. 
Outdoor Cole Ballew at the bat for his baseball team
Outdoor A group of women sitting on a bench near a light pole.
Accessory A woman walks down the street with bananas on her hat
Sports A skateboarder is turning his board at the top of a ramp
Accessory A man standing next to an elephant, with his hand touching the trunk.
Sports A coach comes out on to the field to talk to a young player.
Person A man slices meat in his kitchen while his dog begs from the floor.
Food A series of photos showing a banana holder.
Kitchen A bathroom with the reflection of a tv in a mirror
Accessory An entrance to a galeria of some kind 
Sports A man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
Vehicle A train going along a pair of train tracks.
Indoor An old stone and brick building three stories high.
Vehicle A group of men standing around a yellow fire hydrant.
Person Two men standing in room playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
Animal Kids feeding a giraffe at a zoo with plants.
Person a baseball player on a baseball field fielding a baseball
Food Three round plates filled with artistically presented food.
Kitchen a black counter a sink and a table and two chairs
Furniture A bunch of bananas on a wooden bench with hammocks in the background.
Outdoor An empty field with older structure in the background.
Electronic A group of older people around a long restaurant table.
Appliance a kitchen view of a table counter top and cabinets
Electronic A plate of food placed next to a computer.
Vehicle A dog jumping to catch a red frisbee in a garden
Indoor an image of a girl playing with a doll
Appliance A bathroom with a telivision in it and mirrors. 
Person Blurry image of men in living room playing a stand-up video game.
Person A bartender opens a wine bottle with a towel. 
Electronic a laptop on a desk with an extra keyboard
Animal A cat sitting in front of a computer monitor.
Outdoor A parking meter in front of building windows.
Accessory A scene of a street.A bus for tourists is standing.
Electronic Two women sitting on a ledge deep in thought.
Outdoor An old man reads a book on a bench. 
Kitchen woman talking on cell phone while doing arts and crafts.
Indoor A barefoot woman sitting in a chair relaxing.
Accessory there is a woman holding a umbrella walking in the snow
Vehicle A green and blue bus driving down a street.
Food A person holding a cup cake with chocolate icing and sprinkles.
Person We see a double decker bus wit a compartment in the side.
Electronic A cat sleeping on a bed next to a laptop computer.
Food A table topped with a half eaten apple next to a smart phone.
Person a knife being stuck into a laptop and stabbed
Food A home made pizza with pepperoni and sausage. 
Person A tennis player returns the ball using a backhand.
Kitchen three teddy bears sitting on a picnic blankets 
Person there is a young girl sitting at a table eating
Kitchen A table with dishes, wine glasses, and a wine bottle.
Vehicle A dog that is sitting down in a backseat.
Animal An elephant looking at the camera in a pin.
Indoor A pink and green marker, next to another object. 
Animal The herd of sheep is standing on the grass.
Sports Two brown and white dogs running in a park. 
Furniture A kitchen has an oven, refrigerator, and a door with a window in it.
Food A man puckers up as he holds a large orange in his hand.
Person Man in yellow and black body suit on skateboard.
Indoor A display of clocks inside a shop window.
Person A man in suit and tie walking in front of a white building.
Sports A man throwing a white frisbee in a tree covered park.
Sports A kite surfer killin it while shreddin the GNAR
Vehicle A man standing on the back end of a very long boat.
Furniture A man in a tee looking at a computer
Kitchen A table has a hot dog and french fries on it.
Vehicle Hat sits on empty park bench made of black iron
Indoor A little girl is laying in bed with a book and a cat is next to her.
Food a man that is sitting in front of a picnic table
Vehicle A goat stands on its high legs and leans against a grassy bank.
Furniture A bunch of mini bananas are hanging above a bowl of apples and oranges.
Person A tennis player is leaping off of the ground.
Person a person sitting on a bench wearing some boots and yellow jacket
Kitchen A person holding a plate with food 
Kitchen A small two tier wedding cake is embellished with red flowers, on a table with stemware artfully arranged. 
Person A child is holding two hot dogs up to the photographer.
Vehicle a large white bus that is by a building
Kitchen A large pizza on a white plate sitting on a blue table.
Person Man riding an elephant up a hill near a field.
Sports A kite flying in a beach setting, with people underneath it.
Person A person standing in a room looking at the t.v. screen. 
Person A kitchen that has a double oven in the cabinets and a slay electric stove top in the counter.
Accessory A woman lying on her back with knees bent on a beach towel under a multicolored, striped beach umbrella, surrounded by sand, and with clear blue sky above.
Furniture A made up bed with a pile of newspapers on it.
Furniture Trays of pastries and sandwiches beside a bowl of soup.
Accessory A man with glasses and sideburns straightening his necktie that has lights on it.
Person A man holding a frisbee prepares to throw it.
Outdoor two cars driving on a street near a tree and a fence
Food A boy holding open and gesturing towards a pizza box kid with a message written on it.
Furniture Some bananas and coconuts sitting on a wooden bench.
Person There is a surfer on a surfboard in a pipeline
Person A man with black hair and a top hat
Furniture A variety of desserts are being displayed for people to enjoy.
Accessory A man on a skateboard is doing a trick.
Sports A man standing near the ocean with his surf board
Furniture A plate with a banana that is cut up, cookies and a spoon on it. 
Outdoor A picture full of water and some trees around. 
Indoor a massive variety of pots and other objects are displayed along a long kitchen counter with a sink and a clock on the wall.
Furniture The woman is enjoying playing a Wii interactive video game.
Furniture The man is playing a game of tennis on the court.
Person A bottle of mineral water by a TV that is on.
Person A group of people flying kites on a grassy field next to buildings.
Appliance A person frying some kind of food on a stove.
Furniture Two young men standing around a table in front of a chalk board.
Animal Cat sitting on cabinet in front of large screen television.
Person A young boy holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
Person a pregnant woman laying in bed reading a book 
Animal Those elephants seem to be roaming in the wild.
Kitchen There is a homemade pizza on a cutting board.
Vehicle A train driving over a small bridge on a green hillside.
Sports A baseball game is going with children playing a runner is about to hit the base.
Accessory A man with glasses looking at his cell phone.
Furniture A bed with stacked pillows is in a bedroom with a chair.
Kitchen Two people sitting at a table eating.  
Accessory a protest showing people to stop murder on the road
Person A woman is standing in a professional kitchen.
Person A bunch of dogs running around in a field 
Sports A man in mid air attempting to catch a frisbee.
Person A man is runing to home base in a baseball game.
Vehicle Many cars traveling on a busy road with exit signs overhead.
Indoor A made up dinner table with a flower vase on the table. 
Furniture A bathroom scene with a dirty tub, toilet and sink.
Furniture A woman eating food at a table in a kitchen.
Accessory several business men in suits sitting at a table during a meeting
Furniture a man with glasses sitting on a chair with a wiimote
Furniture A man looks at something that he is holding
Animal A large dog sleeps on a duvet comforter. 
Person A surfer has launched his dog across a wave as the dog holds on for dear life.
Food A bowl that has some kind of a batter in it near a mixer.
Sports A man sits on a shore with his surfboard. 
Animal an image of a dog next to a tree playing with a shoe
Appliance The young girl is standing in front of the refrigerator.
Furniture A woman holding a hot dog on the street.
Sports A batter standing a home plate in a baseball field.
Person A man checks his cell phone in a waiting area. 
Person Looking down at the spectators and players during a basketball game
Vehicle A group of older women getting off a parked bus
Animal Two women petting a few goats at a petting zoo
Food A child holds a spoon and looks at a cupcake.
Food There is a fresh pizza that just came out the oven
Kitchen A person holding up a toy cell phone.
Electronic Cat staring at laptop screen as owner is online.
Food A singke vegetable and some herbs that are sitting on a cutting board. 
Person A ground of people sitting around a table holding wine glasses in their hands.
Accessory Some very pretty yellow furniture near a busy street.
Food A person eating pizza and salad at a table.
Kitchen Three women cooking in a professional kitchen together.
Animal A baby elephant stands next to an adult elephant
Kitchen A smart phone sitting on top sitting on top of a wooden table.
Kitchen A deep dish style pizza with a slice cut out of it next to a glass of white wine.
Person A person is sitting with their dog watching tv.
Outdoor A woman in yellow shirt and skirt with cats in grass.
Vehicle Train riding down the train track stopping at the station.
Person A man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
Kitchen A woman sitting at a table with wine glasses and fruit topped pizza.
Food An outdoor stall sells tomatoes, bell peppers, green beans, carrots, zucchini, eggplants, and turnips. 
Furniture A cat staring at the screensaver on a laptop.
Kitchen Chefs and cooks are preparing meals in a restaurant kichen
Kitchen A group of young males sitting around eating a meal.
Accessory a clock on a small tower near a building 
Outdoor a double telescope for seeing things that are far away 
Outdoor A bunch of cars are crossing an intersection.
Animal A bird that is sitting on a rock near the water.
Person three people standing by an elephant behind a fence 
Sports a man and woman walk down a beach holding a kite
Electronic A vacant bus has seats facing in multiple directions.
Vehicle A soccer player is about to kick a soccer ball
Outdoor Some purple benches and a bird on it.
Kitchen A kitchen with hard wood floors and a yellow smiley face balloon.
Person Man and woman in fancy dress, with a parasol, posed on a lawn.
Person Two men are riding on horses at a gas station.
Outdoor A bird sitting on top of a park bench.
Vehicle A decoratively painted business truck for a motor company
Outdoor a woman is sitting with an umbrella outside
Accessory People in cars, on bikes, and walking near city buildings.
Person a cargo truck is loading a train with luggage
Indoor A tall clock tower with a clock sitting on it's face.
Sports two baseball players a fence and green grass
Vehicle A red and white boat floating along a river.
Person The hand of a person picking up the last two pieces of pizza.
Electronic A brown and black dog standing next to a man sitting on a laptop computer.
Person A skateboarder attempts a trick above ground while his friend watches.
Person A couple sitting on a couch holding Wii remotes.
Animal A dog that is wearing a dog collar smiling
Electronic A computer desk is filled with laptop computers.
Accessory A person with an orange blanket covering them, sleeping on a wooden park bench.
Person A trolley with people drives down a street by a building.
Accessory A Public Parking Payment booth in a lot.
Furniture A group of women sitting around a table sharing a meal.
Outdoor New York street sign showing Broadway and West 122nd Street
Outdoor a black dog in the air catching a frisbee
Furniture A man and woman sitting on a couch playing a video game.
Vehicle An intersection with oncoming traffic and blurry stop lights.
Appliance open oven door with metal pie plate of spilled food
Vehicle A person in a boat rowing away from shore.
Vehicle A crowded city street with cars a bus and a couple riding on a motorcycle. 
Vehicle A plane flies over the hills above a developed shoreline.
Person Baby boy at the table eating cake frosting off his hand.
Indoor a couple of guys with tennis rackets waiting on a ball
Furniture A cat sitting on the back of a toilet bowl with no tank.
Person A boy skate boarding high into the air.
Indoor A room with a painting, books, and guitars. 
Electronic A remote is sitting on a tabletop in clear view of the television.
Vehicle A train is shown on the inside of a station.
Vehicle A motorcycle and a vintage Mustang car parked at a curb.
Person A young man riding a skateboard on top of a cement block.
Animal A brown bear is standing on the rocks facing forward.
Furniture A family sitting at a large table in a restaurant.
Indoor A group of guys are sitting at a table eating and laughing.
Vehicle A white bus driving down a street next to a building.
Sports A baseball player sliding into home plate, in a game.
Kitchen A busy city with a building that has a clock on it.
Person Two men cooking in a stainless steel restaurant kitchen
Person a woman watching two people play a wii game with wii motes
Kitchen A bed that is very nice and clean.
Furniture a large bag that is sitting on awood floor
Accessory Group of adults enjoying food and conversation together.
Food A very artistic and tasty looking treat is in a plate.
Accessory A person lying on the ground with a suit case on top of them.
Furniture A young girl standing in front of a pizza.
Kitchen a loaf of bread is sitting on top of a oven
Animal A brown horse with a white mane is on the grass.
Accessory Three people playing tennis on a grass court. 
Person A man holding a tennis racket in the air
Indoor A vanity stink area with a marble counter top and wooden cabinets.
Person A wall mounted with a list and other papers.
Animal Three giraffe's leaning over to get a sip of water.
Appliance A white stove in a very small kitchen.
Kitchen A group of people walk down the street dressed as zombies.
Indoor Two boxes of takeout food are sitting on a park bench.
Outdoor A car is driving down the road near some road signs. 
Vehicle Many people are sitting on two benches next to a light pole.
Person Man displaying open pizza box with message written on inside.
Person A person walking while carrying a rainbow umbrella
Appliance A cat sitting on the floor watching a television.
Person an  image of two people playing video games
Indoor A child is holding two hot dogs up to the photographer.
Person A man at a bus station holding up a sign.
Kitchen Vendors selling various fresh foods at an outdoor market
Person Two white double decker buses on a street
Outdoor a wooden table sititng under a big tree
Person A person is eating food at the table.
Animal This is a picture of three bears in a field.
Furniture A young boy sitting on a bed in a bedroom.
Appliance A stuffed animal is inside of a microwave.
Person A man standing on a clay tennis court with a racquet.
Electronic A woman bending over in a living room to pet her dog.
Person A man cooking hot dogs with a light colored jacket on
Kitchen A view of a bunch of pizzas sitting on a table.
Furniture A kid on a bed with dozens of photos on the wall behind him.
Vehicle A bus pulls over to the curb close to an intersection.
Electronic A women in costume who is talking on a cell phone. 
Accessory Two men in yellow jackets sitting at a table eating
Person A young child is hopping from the slope on their skis.
Kitchen Two men in living room playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
Kitchen Six different pictures of single slices of pizza.
Person A person working at a store selling pasties.
Person A man sits on the toilet while smoking
Accessory A group of people sitting and standing on top of a train.
Appliance a lady dressed in khakis standing in a bathroom next to the sink. 
Furniture A piece of chocolate cake on a plate.
Sports A little league baseball player is getting ready hit the ball with his bat. 
Vehicle A yellow taxi cab sitting below tall buildings.
Furniture Three sausages covered in various condiments side by side
Outdoor A bench that is sitting in the grass.
Accessory A guy in a suit and tie is posing for the camera. 
Food The meal of fish has a side of broccoli. 
Person A tennis player on an indoor court pauses to raise three fingers in the air.
Person A table with many different objects, including a plate of sandwiches. 
Vehicle Bicycles and vehicles are parked where people are gathered.
Animal a small animal walking down a rock road
Food many different slices of pizza with a white sauce.
Person A bus traveling down a road beside a motorcycle. 
Person Many people flying kits under a party cloudy sky.
Person People standing next to sheep and feeding them.
Animal THERE ARE TWO PEOPLE RIDING HORESES ON THE BEACH SHORE 
Vehicle a street sign attached to a wooden pole
Person A woman walking down a street holding an orange umbrella.
Animal A cat sitting on top of a bench in a field.
Accessory Adults in public area with luggage and carts near stairway.
Furniture A bathroom that has a broken wall in the shower.
Vehicle The woman is riding a bike in a dress.
Animal Two giraffes walking next to each other. 
Kitchen this is a table with a pizza on it
Furniture The people are gathered at the table for dinner.
Accessory A group of people sit at a table with cake.
Accessory A woman taking a picture on a sunny day. 
Person A man on a skateboard jumping up in the air.
Vehicle An old bus makes its way through an intersection of traffic.
Sports There is a person in the picture by itself.
Outdoor A man walks his dog down the sidewalk.
Person Woman sitting ontop of a large brown and white horse.
Food A few baskets of food, including a pizza, some vegetables and dip, and a sandwich
Appliance A colorful living area with living room, dining room and a kitchen.
Furniture A man and woman cutting a cake at a table.
Furniture An umbrella is opened over an outdoor table.
Person A man riding a motorcycle with a woman on the back.
Food A picture of cooked fish in a tray.
Accessory A group of people using their telephones on a subway car.
Person An orange, white, and gray train is sitting at the platform.
Person a couple of women are talking on their cellphones
Person A small child holds two video game controllers.
Vehicle a man on a motor bike riding in the high way
Sports A surfer is riding a wave in light blue water.
Food Cut in half oranges are clustered all together.
Person a man on a surf board rides a wave 
Person A skater losing his balance while squatting on his board
Person A table with several dishes on it with a television.
Kitchen A photo of the table with a vase and flour.
Animal a black puppy playing with a hand as it stands in a black suitcase
Vehicle a number of motorcycles parked near each other
Person There is no image here to provide a caption for.
Furniture A slightly made/messy bed against the corner in a white room.
Furniture Beef and vegetables on a plate sitting on a table.
Sports A man holding a tennis racket in the air
Animal A brown horse standing next to a woman in front of a house.
Person A man holding onto a kite with one hand and spool on the other.
Vehicle An airplane parked at the runway is being serviced by workers.
Person A guy standing on a snowboard in the snow.
Accessory a woman is sitting on a scooter outside
Sports A woman with a skate board purchased food.
Food A plate of chicken and vegetables sits next to a bowl of rice. 
Animal A zebra in the grass who is cleaning himself. 
Furniture Plate containing bread covered in some type of spread and cooked broccoli
Person Two longboarders coasting, crouched, across a downhill road
Indoor A cat sleeping on a desk next to an open laptop.
Animal From the rear, we see a horse standing between two cars parked in a parking lot.
Vehicle A woman and a small child watch a train as it passes.
Kitchen THERE IS A LIVING ROOM WITH A TABLE AND TV 
Vehicle A woman is standing at a crosswalk at a traffic intersection.
Appliance a couple of pans you would use to pee in
Outdoor A blue bus driving down a city street.
Sports A young man skateboarding at a public park.
Vehicle a couple of signs are on a wood pole
Kitchen A white plate served on a multi colored table cloth
Outdoor a boy that is on a skateboard doing a trick
Animal A laptop and planner sitting on a cluttered desk.
Person A man is holding fruit between his fingers.
Appliance The corner of a kitchen with a hanging plant.
Furniture Colorful lights reflect off the items inside this bathroom stall
Person A person is riding on a skateboard on the street.
Person The woman in the pink skirt is holding an umbrella. 
Person A couple of people standing cutting a cake.
Accessory a mans shadow in front of lighting equipment
Food A man and a woman cutting up a big sheet cake.
Vehicle The woman who has bought her groceries is crossing the street.
Electronic A group of people playing with interactive gaming units.
Animal People in a hall with a camera taking a picture
Person A man with blue jersey holding a baseball bat.
Kitchen A cat looks at a person holding a bottle.
Indoor A dog lays in a room with a desk and shelves of files and books.
Furniture A view of a room that has two windows and a blue couch.
Furniture a large room that has both a kitchen and living room
Indoor Teddy bear next to monkey in foreground of picture. 
Kitchen Stemware is set face down on an elegantly set table.
Indoor A man and woman that are standing with a surfboard.
Person A vendor standing behind a stall of various foods.
Food sandwich sitting on table next to two glasses 
Sports Person standing near the water with a red disc in hand.
Outdoor Two pictures of a fire hydrant with two pictures of people.
Accessory A group of people riding motorcycles and bikes down a city street.
Furniture A hearty fish dinner, with a side of onion rings and coffee.
Person three snow skiers and two are shaking hands
Food A wooden cutting board topped with different cuts of meat.
Vehicle a double bus driving on a city  street
Kitchen A group of people are sitting outside an outdoor market.
Furniture A vase filled with pink flowers on top of a table.
Furniture A man is holding a tennis racket while posing.
Person a guy in black water suit surfing a wave.
Appliance A group of people sitting at a table.
Kitchen A slice of brown cake possibly a carrot cake next to a slice of grapefruit.
Furniture A couch sitting in a living room in front of a fire place.
Furniture A man with a beard and mustache thoughtfully stares into a computer screen at some sort of a meeting. 
Electronic a woman with a weird looking face holding onto a  cell phone 
Person A grass yard area that has several open umbrellas laid on the grass and various people around the roadway area.
Animal There is a white horse pulling a trolley behind it.
Vehicle A train traveling down tracks next to a lush forest.
Kitchen A man is smiling for the camera while standing in a kitchen.
Food Three sausages covered in various condiments side by side
Vehicle Two planes fly in the air near each other.
Animal a brown and white dog a fence and a tree
Appliance A toaster sits on a kitchen shelf in front of a blender.
Electronic Two people sitting together on a couch playing wii
Electronic people standing near a table with open pizza boxes
Furniture A little boy swinging a bat while adults watch.
Outdoor A stop sign vandalized with an "eating animals" sticker below the word "stop."
Electronic A woman taking pictures on a busy street.
Furniture A young girl plays with a teddy bear and puts a brush in her mouth.
Person A plate on a wooden table full of bread.
Kitchen a group of people sitting around a long table 
Electronic Two men standing in a living room holding game controllers.
Furniture A bed has white and brown pillows and sheets on it.
Accessory Two boys riding on a single bicycle on a city street 
Animal a cow walks as a man on a quad follows it 
Animal a bunch of goats on grass in an area
Animal Two large giraffes inside a fenced area stand together near many rocks
Food A clock shaped like an apple sitting on a counter.
Food A pizza sitting on a plate in front of a glass of wine.
Animal Several mounted police officers and their horses line up on the street. 
Appliance Feminine ambience style restroom with wide open feel
Electronic A security employee sitting on a ledge on a cell phone.
Furniture Bob the builder sicker on bottom of toilet lid in bathroom
Vehicle a black and white picture of people walking in the rain under an umbrella
Sports A baseball player holding a bat as a ball approaches.
Person A girl is sitting on a bed with a game on it.
Food A basket of fresh fruit is adorned with a red ribbon.
Kitchen Bearded man in a suit about to enjoy an adult beverage
Outdoor a white building some trees and a red fire hydrant
Furniture A black bird standing behind a group of occupied chairs along a sidewalk.
Vehicle A train going down the track near a city
Electronic A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
Food Bunches of bananas hanging from a fruit stand display.
Food Rice, broccoli, onions, and tomatoes sitting on a plate.
Food Closeup of a white and yellow vase with a red circle at the bottom.
Person a person riding a horse on a dirt ground 
Vehicle Fruits and vegetables are being sold in a market.
Accessory A young person is doing a trick on their skateboard.
Person There are two snowboarders in the air completing stunts.
Furniture A living room scene has photos on a table.
Furniture Several pieces of wood lined up near a lot with several axes around.
Furniture Donuts and assorted pastries fill this white plate.
Appliance A woman lies in a hospitable bed in a panoramic scene of the room.
Vehicle Two red mail boxes along a city street.
Person A man with thick sunglasses and multiple piercings sits with his mouth open.
Furniture A beach towel covers a TV across from plants on the wall and in front of the window.
Animal A cat laying with a laptop on a table.
Vehicle a vehicle is flying past a group of people
Sports A woman holding a racquet on top of a tennis court.
Vehicle Two women look at their phones on the train.
Person Two young girls on a tennis court with a racquet and a scooter
Animal A man in a green shirt is taking a picture with his cell phone.
Furniture A fish eye shot of people sitting outside at a cafe.
Vehicle a train with bright lights and a crowd of people
Kitchen a tray of food with two glasses of drink and salt and pepper 
Furniture a tan colored teddy bear sits on a crochet covered chair.
Vehicle A yellow and blue bus traveling down a road next to a park.
Outdoor a homeless man holding a cup and standing next to a shopping cart on a street
Person A full dressed marine is looking at his cell phone.
Furniture A small clean bathroom that is well lit. 
Furniture A public bathroom with a hole in the floor.
Furniture Donuts with frosting and glazed toppings sit on table next to coffee maker
Vehicle Several buses are gathered on a street with palm trees.
Person A young boy cuts into a cake shaped like a skateboard.
Vehicle Colorful commuter train goes through a marina area on a cloudy day
Vehicle A lone motorcycle parked in parking space at night.
Accessory A group of people sitting at a table with many small sip cups.
Animal Two giraffes are shown standing in a grassy field.
Animal A cat sitting on the floor watching a television.
Person A man has a checked shirt and striped tie.
Person A man on his skateboard is riding between the parked cars. 
Animal Image at a zoo of a giraffe near a zebra pen with both animals eating.
Person A caged stairway beside a building on a rainy day.
Person A Northumbria bus is parked in a field.
Furniture several business men in suits sitting at a table during a meeting
Vehicle Several men on a boat looking over the side.
Furniture A man and woman on a scooter receiving baggage from a bellhop.
Person A man riding a skateboard on top of a wooden bench.
Person A passenger train pulls into a train station.
Person A lone woman huddles under her umbrella at a picnic table in the rain.
Electronic A group of people sit at a large table while talking.
Animal A street scene with a person on a motorcycle.
Vehicle a train of many colors is coming down the track
Person A group of people standing around holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
Electronic Looking at beautiful scenery through the lens of a phone camera.
Furniture A living room with a white carpet and black furniture.
Outdoor A passenger train moving through a rail yard
Animal A cat sitting on a toilet in a bathroom 
Person Donuts traveling down an assembly line in a factory while people work behind it.
Kitchen A table topped with a pizza surrounded by men.
Electronic A fireplace sitting below a picture mounted to a wall.
Person A girl wearing all orange on a court holding a tennis racket. 
Food A sandwich with salad on a plate and a cup of pop
Person A train approaching a station with a man and a bike on it. 
Sports A group of baseball players that are walking in the outfield.
Furniture A smart phone sitting next to a canned soft drink and a pen on a wooden table.
Furniture Fourteen college guys, and one woman, all eating pizza together.
Outdoor A red, yellow and silver train traveling down train tracks.
Sports People on a tennis court with others watching.
Sports A boy with a bat has a batting helmet pulled over his face.
Electronic A carved bear that has a ribbon around the neck.
Furniture A view of a bedroom with the bed unmade.
Indoor a poor little teddy bear smashed and covered with dirt
Outdoor There are two metal benches on the patio.
Food A couple of large piles of different fruits.
Furniture Small table and chairs set in a small kitchen.
Electronic The workers are working at their computers at their desks.
Outdoor Train with cars in rail yard waiting to load.
Furniture A glass full of juice with an orange slice sticking out of it.
Person A copse of men sitting next to each other at a table.
Vehicle One young man films another on a skateboard
Furniture A living room filled with furniture next to a window.
Person A large clock on the side of a building above cars on the street.
Sports Girls face to a soccer ball during a game.
Indoor A lady in a bedroom with a tripod.
Vehicle a home made three wheeled trike sitting in a driveway
Vehicle there is a bike that is parked on a small bridge
Accessory SLICES OF PIZZA IN BASKETS ON A TABLE OUTSIDE
Vehicle A street sign is a circle with a cross through it.
Kitchen Gathering items to pack for an work seminar.
Accessory The black and white photograph of a classroom of schoolchildren is a bit out of focus on the right side of the picture.
Accessory People riding elephants by using baskets tied to their backs.
Accessory a couple of people are eating at a table
Electronic A young boy is recording a performance on a cellphone of several people.
Sports People playing a game of tennis with a large audience. 
Furniture A man holding a ball in his hand in a room.
Furniture A bathroom with a lot of items near the sink and counter.
Animal an image of two cats in a sand lot
Person A group of people wait to cross an intersection.
Kitchen A kitchen with two sinks, a counter, detergent, a stove and a refrigerator in it.
Vehicle A grey and white cat standing in the grass in a parking lot. 
Kitchen Food on a train with a pie and some vegetable
Accessory Group of teenagers playing with kits in the center of a group of buildings.
Kitchen A sandwich, drink, salad and pepper shaker atop a white table.
Person A man and his two cats sitting on the couch.
Sports Helmeted young skateboarder displaying ability skills on cement surface.
Appliance A LARGE GROUP OF PEOPLE WATCH AS A SKATER DOES HIS TRICKS
Food A fruit stand with plantains, kiwis, and bananas. 
Outdoor Two men in yellow jackets sitting at a table eating
Food There is a tray filled with sauce covered food
Person A lone surfer trying to ride a small wave.
Vehicle the view on a street through a window on a rainy day
Vehicle A highway of traffic with several transit buses riding down it.
Kitchen A little cat is sitting on the table and watching TV.
Vehicle A police officer on a motorcycle sitting at the corner. 
Furniture The table is very long and dimly lit.
Accessory A piece of luggage is ready to go with cold wear on top for quick usage.
Accessory a number of people standing near a number of sheep 
Person The woman is walking carefully through the leaves.
Person A yellow bus waiting at bus stop near some benches.
Indoor A large clock on the side of a building above cars on the street.
Person A skier stands on skis at the top of a snowy plateau.
Accessory An umbrella sculpture is displayed on a post.
Vehicle A colorful but blurry street scene at night features a car driving through an intersection.
Person Young girls sitting on wooden decking with decorated cake.
Person A female tennis player lifting up her skirt
Sports A man with his leg up looking in the air.
Furniture TWO MEN IMITATING A SHARK PICTURE ON A SURFBOARD
Food a recipe consisting of ham broccoli and carrots
Vehicle People are gathered to see the blue jet plane on display. 
Sports The young woman is riding the dolphin in the water.
Outdoor A black and white scene with two couples under umbrellas and rain jackets sitting at a stadium.
Animal A brown cow sniffing on a person hand
Animal The large bear is looking in the direction of the camera.
Indoor A man and a woman standing in front of a mirror.
Accessory The food cart is right outside the arena,
Person A female tennis player prepares to swing at a tennis ball.
Person The fire hydrant is painted yellow and orange.
Person Semi carrying cars on busy road in city near white car. 
Kitchen A tray topped with two plates of food and a drink.
Person A park with yellow umbrellas on the grass and onlookers in the background.
Kitchen A counter and some chairs in a small room.
Sports A little boy about to hit a baseball during a game.
Person A young boy on a tennis court prepares to hit a tennis ball with his racquet.
Outdoor a living room with wooden floors and furniture
Food A table at a restaurant has a sandwich and soup in white dishes.
Kitchen Belgium waffle loaded with bananas topped with powdered sugar with syrup and more fruit as a garnish.
Sports a person rising a skate board in a lot 
Indoor Luggage on the floor opened to show it's stuffed contents
Electronic two people playing video game while standing one in purple is smiling
Appliance A book filled windowsill in between a kitchen and dining room. 
Outdoor A red stop light that is over a street.
Indoor A skillet on a stove with vegetables in it 
Animal There is an elephant standing near a tree.
Appliance A small bathroom with wood flooring and tan walls.
Sports Two little girls posing for a picture, on a tennis court.
Furniture A bench that is sitting in the dirt.
Vehicle A cartoon dog is painted on the side of the passenger bus.
Accessory A wheeled suitcase sits on a wooden floor in front of a sofa.
Animal A cat sitting on the back of a sofa looking out a window.
Person A baby girl is sitting on the floor looking at a cell phone.
Person A flock of birds surround a man sitting on a bench.
Person two children are sitting at a table with food and drinks
Person People standing outside a ski resort on skies in the snow.
Indoor An old clock is illuminated at night on a street corner.
Sports Two skiers looking out at the view from a high cliff 
Person A person on a tennis court standing on one leg
Electronic A cat being lazy and a cat being nozy in a living room with tv and a laptop displaying the same things.
Vehicle A group of people getting ready to go in the water, near horses.
Person many kites with different shapes all laying on the ground
Electronic A child holding a pink toy cell phone with "Princess Aurora" inside it.
Animal A bird standing on a piece of wood.
Indoor Christmas decorations surrounding a clock tower in a town square.
Vehicle Two horses in a pasture next to farm equipment.
Person A man is on a channel boardwalk by a lighthouse.
Indoor A kitchen with lots of cupboard space and a microwave oven.
Electronic The room is situated on the dark side of the house.
Electronic a close up of people sitting on a public transit train
Animal The animals are grazing on the wheat grain
Indoor A picture of a cup on the table.
Furniture There is some food in the baking pan on the counter.
Accessory A woman is walking with a dog trailing behind her on a leash. 
Outdoor A man on a skateboard performs a trick on a ramp
Kitchen A baker is working in the kitchen rolling dough.
Animal a big heard of cows walking down a road in a row with green tags on their ears
Person A couple of people that are playing with a frisbee.
Person A middle aged man is looking at his phone. 
Person A man on a snowboard on a groomed slope.
Person A young woman with a tennis racket celebrates a good play.
Person A store on the corner of the street is covered i graffiti.
Kitchen A big bathroom featuring a sink and toilet
Vehicle The view from a window of an enclosed staircase open to the air. 
Sports A person that is doing a trick on a skateboard.
Food A white plate topped wti chicken and a cup of guacamole.
Electronic A woman taking a photo of her food with a cell phone.
Kitchen a two tier cake with some frosting and strawberries in the middle 
Animal Two striped cats lying with two sneakers on a ledge.
Sports an orange disk if flying through the air at a park
Vehicle An orange sitting in the middle of a road
Furniture a cupcake with pink icing in a pink paper cupcake holder next to a spoon.
Kitchen A cooler with many different kinds of beverages in it.
Accessory A young man walking across a street at a crosswalk.
Electronic Two old people in motion while playing a Wii.
Furniture A small horse on a large wooden chair.
Food a person eating a banana sitting at a table
Animal two giraffes and some green trees and yellow flowers
Person The front of a restaurant with someone holding up food 
Vehicle A street sign on the street near a building.
Outdoor Four older men sitting on a wooden bench.
Accessory The person is sleeping on a park bench.
Outdoor A Stop sign with rain drops on it near some buildings.
Person A person washing their hands near a bowl of broccoli.
Vehicle A man standing in a boat near shore
Animal A dog standing on a bench with an orange tree in back.
Kitchen A lap top computer next to a computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.
Person A woman walking a bike down a walkway in a  train station.
Furniture A green fire hydrant next to field of colorful flowers.
Kitchen A couple of people that are eating some food.
Person A woman is skiing down a snowy hill.
Furniture The cat is laying in the sun by the open door.
Kitchen a small fully cooked pizza resting on plate next to a fork
Animal An adorable grey poodle standing next to a fire hydrant.
Furniture A man is talking on the phone while working on the computer.
Person A baby with food on her face and her tongue sticking out.
Sports A woman and man playing tennis on a field.
Person A stop sign in the middle of a city.
Kitchen A woman talking on a phone sitting next to glasses.
Person People flying kites on a sandy beach while a bucket sits in the sand.
Person A woman holding a Hello Kitty phone on her hands.
Electronic A woman sitting on a bench holding a pink umbrella.
Animal Two bears in the water with their mouths open growling at each other.
Accessory A person standing looking at a  large statue with clocks built into it.
Kitchen Half eaten sandwich and a cup of coffee sitting on table in front of camera equipment.
Person People are sitting on the sand at the beach 
Food A plate has pizza on it next to a drink and a sandwich.
Person A four cross street of a downtown area.
Accessory Two children standing near wrought iron fence near brick building.
Indoor A white teddy bear is tucked into his bed.
Appliance a tub and a sink in a rest room
Food There is a great amount of fruit in this picture.
Person A busy intersection in a city features several cars and buildings.
Animal A flock of animals stand on the road near mountains.
Person A table topped with blenders and bottles of alcohol and cups.
Person A man standing on top of a sandy beach near a colorful kite.
Accessory A person standing next to a rock wall near a cat standing on it. 
Indoor A yellow and white clock tower against a blue sky
Electronic People walking and standing in front of a building with a clock on it.
Kitchen A man holding a bottle of something to drink
Appliance A kitchen and dining area in a house with an open floor plan that looks out over the landscape from a large set of windows.
Food A tray filled with croissants with hotdogs in the middle
Person Two men are holding phones together to create a linking .
Indoor Two stuffed animals sit at a table with honey.
Kitchen there is a large bowl with vegetables and broccoli in it
Appliance Kitchen appliances and cabinets as seen through opening.
Kitchen A small and near bathroom that's inside someone's house.
Vehicle People crossing the street near a parked sightseeing bus.
Food There are donuts arranged on a silver plate 
Accessory A view of a city during the nite showing multi-colored lights and people.
Accessory Racers riding four wheelers while a crowd watches.
Kitchen Two girls sitting outisde smoking and one girl on a laptop.
Accessory Man in black blazer pouring wine in glasses.
Person Two people standing need the surf line on pebble beach. 
Vehicle The green bus is on a street with other traffic. 
Furniture a woman is sitting on a scooter outside
Appliance a table that has all kinds of food on it
Furniture a sidewalk and cars parked on the street
Kitchen A plate that has a pile of carrots on a counter.
Furniture A group of people gather at a picnic table beneath a tree.
Animal A giraffe is coming up close to people
Accessory a person on a field flying a kite with trees in the background
Sports A skier races down the track at a competition.
Kitchen A woman holding a smart phone at a table.
Person A woman smiles as she stands in skis on a snowy hill.
Vehicle a nice neighborhood with some green grass in it
Furniture The room has two couches next to a dark coffee table. 
Animal A giraffe reaching for a tree branch on a sandy zoo lot.
Food An open white Styrofoam flip top container of food.
Kitchen A cat sleeping on a desk next to an open laptop.
Accessory Passengers standing outside a green and white tour bus.
Animal A black dog standing between people in line
Sports A baseball player is about to throw his best pitch. 
Vehicle A small train going down a steel track.
Sports A young girl riding a surfboard in the ocean
Electronic  A laptop with a mouse and a keyboard connected. 
Person a man holding a cell phone that is powered on 
Appliance a man is hiding inside of a refrigerator 
Vehicle A young child mutton busting at a rodeo event
Animal A large brown dog wearing a brown hat.
Vehicle A truck sitting on a field with kites in the air.
Vehicle A train that is riding on tracks through a station.
Outdoor Red fire hydrant with Leizan trees around it. 
Person A young lady and a young man playing frisbee on the sand.
Indoor A kitchen with a metallic stove top sitting  under a window.
Outdoor A light shines over a canopy on a snow covered sidewalk.
Person The woman is playing a game of tennis on the court. 
Accessory A man sits outside in a umbrella hat.
Electronic A black cat sitting next to a couple of monitors sitting on top of a table.
Electronic A MAN IS EATING A TALKING ON THE PHONE 
Person A man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper. 
Furniture Two urinals in a restroom with multicolored tile.
Person A crowd of people are walking through a covered sidewalk.
Person An eco-friendly bus driving through a city intersection.
Person Large canoe with many people on lake with trees lining shore.
Outdoor A broken telephone pole in a neighborhood with a stop sign attached to it.
Kitchen A man that is sitting in front of a laptop.
Kitchen Three people, one in a suit, are posing for the camera. 
Vehicle A crowd of people walking along a snow covered mountain side.
Person A truck driving down the middle of a street next to a crowd of people.
Appliance A bathroom with a tiled counter, a sink and a soap dispenser. 
Sports A baseball player pitching a baseball on top of a field.
Furniture A tennis player swinging a racket at a public tennis match. 
Kitchen A remote control, a book, a cellphone and a camera lens attachment on top of a white bed sheet.
Vehicle Young man skate boarding on railing in urban setting.
Food Looking down at a bowl of white rice, broccoli and a vegetable dish
Accessory Four cops on the back of horses stand in the street.
Person A couple of people standing in a room with some remotes.
Sports A being is doing something as of right now that is splendid. 
Person A young attractive woman sitting on a toilette on the side of a street.
Vehicle Trucks are parked outside of a market building.
Person A man swinging his racket at a ball. 
Animal A gray bird is standing on small brown branch.
Sports there is a snowboarder that has fallen n the snow
Person A man sitting on a bench with a church behind him.
Furniture A black and white photo of a bedroom.
Kitchen A bathroom mirror with the middle cut out and exposed.
Person A couple of people with a laptop at a table.
Sports Several people are flying kites in an open field of grass.
Animal A cat sleeping on a bed next to a laptop computer.
Person Five people sitting on a subway checking their phones
Electronic A classroom has letters on the wall and a dog on the floor.
Person A person holding a tennis racket in their hand.
Furniture a cake near many glasses and cups wit ha sky background
Indoor A small boy walking along a path and carrying a teddy bear. 
Sports A man holding one frisbee and throwing another.
Kitchen Sliced sausage in a bowl with assorted vegetables
Kitchen A smaller kitchen with a very decorated fridge. 
Vehicle The fire hydrant has a lot of weeds by it on the side of the road. 
Electronic A room with a couch, chairs, television and a table. 
Person A baseball player at the plate hitting a baseball.
Electronic A bed and window in a small room.
Person A man with a bear sitting with his arms crossed and his tie over his left shoulder.
Kitchen ingredients placed on a table for a dish.
Vehicle A fire engine has red and yellow checkers.
Sports A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
Furniture A classroom with kids and various men in suits.
Person there is a man that is sitting at a table with lots of food
Kitchen A toaster surrounded by spoons, some protruding from the inside
Vehicle Man and woman sitting on the back of a motorcycle.
Person People sitting down in the restaurant eating meals
Electronic Two men at a table under a tent selling neckties.
Kitchen Man taking a bite of a half peeled banana. 
Person A bus traveling down a street next to a tall building.
Person Two young girls cooking some fresh asparagus on a stove.
Food A sandwich on top of a metal tray next to a bowl of dipping sauce.
Vehicle A pontoon boat ferry full of passengers pushes off from shore. 
Person A man sitting in a restaurant photographs a sandwich.
Accessory A tennis player serving the ball during a doubles tennis game.
Accessory A man wearing eyeglasses dressed in a shirt and tie.
Vehicle a big bird that is flying over some sand
Animal a cat is sitting in a window that has a dirty exterior
Vehicle A skate boarder 50/50 grinds a hand rail
Person The skier is at the bottom of the mountain in the snow.
Furniture A person holding a small tomato over a tray that has sauce on it.
Kitchen two men in the middle of the woods playing frisbee golf.
Animal A brown curly haired dog chasing after a red frisbee
Food A man making a pizza in a kitchen. 
Indoor A sign with teddy bears on it is advertising a tea room.
Accessory A photo of a woman sitting with two dogs.
Furniture A beach setting with lots of people and sun umbrellas.
Animal A brown cow under a tree in a grassy area.
Animal A dog lays in a room with a desk and shelves of files and books.
Appliance a black counter on a wood cabinet in a kitchen
Person White show horses and handlers performing during public event.
Person A man swinging a tennis racquet on a court.
Animal Several herd animals are on the grass by a mountain.
Sports Grabbing the front of the skateboard maintains control over it.
Accessory A hotel room with television and desk in the corner.
Kitchen Feminine ambience style restroom with wide open feel
Accessory A woman leaning against a store front with an umbrella.
Sports Many people standing in a field flying kites.
Kitchen A man talking a phone up to his face near a crows of people.
Kitchen Two cups sitting on top of a gray counter.
Animal Two elephants behind a tree in a grassy area.
Person A couple of people holding up cell phones side by side.
Electronic A black and white cat relaxing inside a laptop.
Person The basketball game is played by teams in white or blue uniforms.
Outdoor The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.
Furniture A clock shaped like an apple sitting on a counter.
Furniture people in a meeting and a lady with a very nice phone
Indoor A girl sits on the bed and photographs herself in the mirror with her tripod.
Animal Some horses standing near each other in a fenced in area
Vehicle A large crowd of people riding horses walks along a trail.
Sports A man in white shirt and hat holding a tennis racket.
Kitchen A man standing with his hands over his eyes by a fruit stand.
Animal a very tall building with sculpture and a clock
Sports A woman is skiing down a snowy hill.
Kitchen A clean industrial kitchen with no one in it
Accessory Basketball players walking on court with coach in wearing dark suit.
Vehicle Several ships in the distance behind a grassy marsh with egrets
Electronic A bedroom with built in television and open fireplace
Person a person and their dog are browsing on the mac book
Person A lot of boats that is parked in the water and one is docking.
Vehicle some planes on an air port run way
Indoor A bathroom with a sink, mirror, and toilet and other items 
Accessory Two men in neon yellow safety jackets sharing a meal next to a food car.
Vehicle a parked red motorcycle a fence and some trees
Outdoor A fire hydrant in the middle of the street curbside
Person A tennis player is in mid air with his racquet.
Sports A woman smiling with glasses on standing in the snow with two poles.
Person A man and child next to a horse.
Person Dark haired man with a mustache talking on the phone and eating.
Kitchen A metallic refrigerator freezer next to a wooden counter.
Person A man is laying down in a pavement balancing a ball on his foot while others watch.
Food A closeup of an orange still on the tree.
Person Plates of food and two glasses of red wine are on a table.
Kitchen A woman holding a plate of cake with frosting and icing.
Sports a person on skis riding on some snow 
Sports A person standing on top of a beach flying a kite.
Person a couple sitting at a table with a couple of pizzas 
Electronic A hand holding a cell phone using the internet
Person The people are playing tennis inside together at the event.
Person A skier bending down to help a toddler with his little skis.
Kitchen A bathroom sink sitting on top of a wooden cabinet.
Food A plate topped with moths and rotten fruit.
Appliance A bathroom with orange walls and black tile features.
Kitchen Multiple plates of different types of food on a  table.
Electronic A hotel room bed with white linens, and a white desk beside it.
Kitchen A man sticks out his tongue while sitting on a motorcycle.
Accessory The man and woman at the restaurant are holding a full pizza. 
Electronic A birthday cake made to look like a bag, shoe, car, and iPhone.
Person A brunette male tennis player stands ready to receive a serve. 
Accessory A man in a suit that is standing in front of a group of people.
Indoor A street scene looking at a building with a clock on the wall.
Person A man has stick, which is holding some bread, between his fingers.
Person Two young men are playing a WII video game.
Sports People standing on the street by parked bicycles with a skateboard
Outdoor a tennis player drying off his face with a towel 
Food Several baskets of different color types of fruits.
Indoor An open laptop on a desk surrounded by clutter.
Kitchen A banana and a nearly empty bowl of food resting on top of a table.
Sports A young man in a pinstriped baseball uniform wearing catchers gear standing at home plate.
Outdoor A bicyclist waiting in the roadway until two horses pass.
Outdoor A statue of a man reading on a park bench.
Person A batter misses a baseball while a empire tries to catch it .
Food Old wooden wagon with banana bunches on it
Person This is a kitchen counter, cooktop and double range.
Electronic A service man is looking at his cel phone.
Food A couple of people sitting next to piles of fruit.
Indoor A man and woman cutting a slice of cake by trees.
Vehicle Boxes of fruit displayed at an open air market.
Person An old lady sitting at a table while looking at her birthday cake. 
Furniture A food tray with french fries and a sandwich.
Person Person on tennis court preparing to return a volley.
Indoor a man running at the end of a tennis court 
Vehicle An orange and green train reads "BNSF" on the side.
Vehicle a couple and their small baby girl are sitting on a bench
Sports a man skiing along a rail on the snowy hill 
Furniture A plate that has a sandwich, some chips, and a salad on it.
Furniture A woman holding a large pepperoni pizza at a table.  
Accessory A woman sitting on a bench and a woman standing waiting for the bus.
Outdoor A pole that has a clock on the top of it.
Electronic A giraffe drinking milk from a bottle behind a cage.
Electronic A woman holding a phone in one hand up to her ear. 
Food A pizza in an oven that had a lot of cheese melted off of it.
Person A group of scooters rides down a street
Outdoor a group of adults playing soccer on a field
Person A young woman stands still on a grassy patch 
Person A woman riding a green motorcycle with a side car.
Food Bananas in a bushel are displayed over some kind of tail.
Kitchen Three people stand on the street talking next to a dog.
Animal Two black geese are swimming in cloudy water.
Outdoor a house sits next to a swampy river 
Vehicle The boy wears a helmet while riding his bicycle.
Indoor A vase filled with red and white flowers on top of a table.
Person A clock set up in front of windows where you can see the shadows of people inside.
Kitchen A kitchen has a vintage gas range and yellow walls.
Person Some people are in a kitchen with a big pot on the stove.
Kitchen A woman writes in her notebook at her desk.
Food A man purses his lips while holding up an orange in front of his face.
Outdoor A KITCHEN IN THE ROOM WITH WHITE APPLIANCES 
Vehicle A Man skis using a sail in open snow-packed field.
Person A man and young girl sit behind a display of fruits.
Indoor An large ornate wooden clock with golden accents.
Furniture A cat sitting on a chair in a bedroom.
Person two snow skiers are coming down a hill
Vehicle A large, blue semi truck drives down a city street with a line of vehicles behind it.
Person Skateboard in middle of maneuver in the air with rider 
Outdoor A traffic light with a sad face on the red light. 
Person A train traveling through a rural country side covered in grass.
Person People walking on the sidewalk of a city with a tour bus in the background.
Food There are several bowls with veggies in them
Vehicle The plane is flying high in the sky.
Vehicle The boats are in the water for a peaceful night 
Kitchen Plates of food with onion rings and cheesecake and a cup of cocoa on a table 
Animal a white and black bird is walking by a table and some chairs
Accessory Two men smiling and taking a picture together. 
Food A peeled banana on a table next to an unpeeled banana.
Food A group of people sitting around a table.
Person A man wears a suit with a blue shirt and a multicolored tie.
Person Three young women smile brightly together under a large umbrella.
Vehicle A man that is sitting on a moped.
Animal three horses and three jockeys are racing near a silver car
Animal a couple of bears stand on a tree log 
Person A player winds up to serve a tennis ball to his opponent.
Indoor A television that has been placed outside, a video game is being played on it.
Food A Christmas ornament is a donut with a squirrel on it.
Indoor A baby sitting in between to large stuffed animals.
Person People underneath an arched bridge near the water.
Person A man playing in a tennis match with a large crowd
Vehicle A double decker tour bus with the logo "SBS Transit". 
Animal A cat resting on top of a laptop computer.
Vehicle A variety of paddle boats on the water near a park. 
Sports A family outside in a yard playing frisbee with their dog. 
Animal An ocean scene with a wake border in the background.
Person A painting of a man and woman riding together on a motorcycle.
Sports There are some skiers heading down a slope
Person A herd of cattle grazing on a lush green field.
Kitchen A sink that is in front of a mirror.
Furniture A man in an Arabic type outfit on a cell phone.
Person A guy rides a skateboard in an overflow ditch
Outdoor Two skiers giving each other a high five.
Person Two girls holding Wii controllers, playing video games in a living room.
Person A young child standing in front of a TV holding a Wii controller.
Furniture A woman standing behind a camera near a laptop computer.
Indoor A rustic fireplace along a wall in a living room. 
Vehicle A couple of men playing a game of frisbee.
Appliance A kitchen area with a stove, sink and microwave.
Furniture The three teddy bears sit with their arms around each other.
Person the man jumps over the steps while on his skateboard
Vehicle A bus with destination signs drives around a curve where children stand.
Person A young boy holding a baseball bat near a batting cage.
Person There is a fireplug at the corner of this intersection in the residential section of town.
Person Man and woman sitting on the back of a motorcycle.
Kitchen A small kitchen with a living room and brightly colored pillows.
Animal A horse drawn carriage being pulled through the mud
Electronic A woman sitting in front of several glasses, talking on her phone. 
Person A view down a street of a couple of buildings and a couple of cars.
Vehicle A boy sits on a bench in a park, working on homework.
Furniture A brightly lit kitchen with lots of natural light.
Person The hands of a couple that is cutting a wedding cake.
Person A couple of food trucks parked in a parking lot.
Vehicle A city with skyscrapers, other buildings, and trains.
Indoor A man and woman look into each others eyes while getting married.
Person Two men talking to each other on a street corner
Person Two people sit on a bench with pigeons and other people nearby.
Person Two men with back packs and walking sticks 
Animal A brown, white and black bird flying in blue sky.
Furniture A kitchen has a refrigerator and ice chest. 
Food A woman in brown shirt holding a hotdog by tables with umbrellas.
Sports Boys are playing a soccer game on a field.
Animal A group of white swans swimming on a lake.
Electronic A assortment of things lined up on a bed including writing utensils.
Outdoor two stop and go lights at an intersection
Person There is a woman walking down the sidewalk in the city.
Indoor A cat lying in the sun on a table.
Electronic A young child and cat in a living room.
Person Several children attentively play a game of curling together.
Vehicle A girl attempts to hit a ball with her bat while playing baseball.
Person A man skiing on top of a pipe.
Furniture A group of people sitting around a table next to each other.
Outdoor A picture of a person riding a horse.
Person A service man is looking at his cel phone.
Vehicle Two people are sitting on chairs talking on at a corner.
Animal A man riding a horse on an open plane.
Person a kid and a girl are next to each other
Accessory People in a hall with a camera taking a picture
Electronic A woman on a cell phone with a group of people.
Electronic A man in a bathroom looking at himself in the mirror. 
Vehicle A very young girl is about to grab and upside down umbrella. 
Person Young women holding remote game controls while playing.
Animal A black cat sitting next to a couple of monitors sitting on top of a table.
Kitchen A man using a toothbrush in his room on bed
Animal Two elephants walking along their habitat in a zoo.  
Indoor A chain link fence is overgrown with vines.
Animal Two elephants standing behind a rope in an enclosure
Vehicle A dog sticks his head out of a car window.
Electronic A man in brown shirt on black sofa with phone.
Person A double city bus is pulled up to a bus stop.
Person Two people under an umbrella standing in the rain. 
Accessory The woman with the umbrella is looking at the passerbys
Person a man is reaching for something in the truck bed
Accessory Several people waiting on the side of train tracks as a train with it;s lights on comes down the track.
Person A man on a skateboard performs a trick at the skate park
Person Mandor stuff is a clown holding his cell phone up to his face. 
Person A train that is going by some rocks in the day time.
Electronic A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.
Furniture a small child is getting their hair dried at the salon.
Furniture Some sort of bathroom facility, possibly in an airplane.
Person A black and white photo of a guy and his motorcycle.
Furniture Cat covering it's head as it sleeps in the computer chair
Person An open field with a truck and some kites being flown
Person A man standing in a kitchen preparing a meal.
Animal A turkey is walking through the grass with a small bird.
Animal an elephant in a zoo walks around slowly
Furniture The living room and kitchen of a home.
Kitchen A woman seated across the table shows off her bagel with cream cheese.
Vehicle The cars are travelling down the wet road.
Accessory A vendor standing behind a stall of various foods.
Person People crossing the street near a parked sightseeing bus.
Person A group of people flying kites on top of a sandy beach.
Person A man holding a ball in his hand in a room.
Person A young child mutton busting at a rodeo event
Animal The dog is laying down on the couch in the room.
Electronic A lot if people are in the conference too
Indoor A purple chair is next to a desk with a computer and a laptop.
Kitchen a plate filled with some little tiny cakes 
Person A small boy skiing down a snowy hill
Vehicle A bicycle sits parked along a busy roadside.
Furniture A dog laying down in his bed in the living room.
Person A view of a hotdog stand near radio city.
Person A man and woman cutting a cake at a table.
Accessory a red train is docked at the station
Person a body of water that has a guy surfing on it
Kitchen A corner of a rest room with a cookie and coffee.
Food A bowl full of broth and pieces of broccoli with a spoon and fork.
Person A man wearing a hat and holding an object in his hand.
Person A green cart with old luggage on it standing by.
Animal a small bird sits on top of a book page 
Furniture A kitchen with a stove, sink and coffee maker.
Vehicle there is a large building under construction and many parking meters
Sports A man in front of a vendor on a skateboard.
Animal A bird sitting in front of the water with a bear on the other side.
Animal A giraffe eats next to a zebra among some rocks.
Indoor A large brown and grey cat sits on top of a desk.
Appliance Little girl laughing and holding a pan of food 
Sports A person is trying to ski down a snowy slope.
Sports A man is performing tricks on a skateboard ramp.
Vehicle People are walking and riding motorcycles on the street
Furniture A vase full of flowers on a bathroom sink counter. 
Sports The young boys are playing a game of baseball in the park. 
Person A man taking a picture of himself in a mirror.
Indoor A child holds a toothbrush halfway out of their mouth while brushing their teeth.
Vehicle A large cargo van parked in front of a smart car.
Indoor There is an old clock showing the current time
Sports multiple kites fly high in the sky near a stadium
Indoor An apartment room with a stove, spices, and bookcase.
Person A small dog standing on top of a skateboard.
Furniture Three hotdogs with mustard on a black plate.
Person A clock with a statue of a woman on top.
Animal A large clock tower with a gargoyle atop sits in front of a clear blue sky.
Accessory A dog wearing a red tie and standing on a pair of stairs
Vehicle Skateboarders riding down the street on boards next to cars.
Food Hand showing vegetable that has being chewed near garden area.
Indoor There are four vases that have butterfly sculptures on them.
Furniture a person riding a motorcycle in the reflection 
Person A row of various types of chairs and umbrella with a bridge in the background.
Kitchen A picture of a large kitchen with white cabinets and appliances.
Food a pizza on a pan cut into squares 
Person Two men shake hands at a formal dinner gathering.
Sports A man is grinding a ramp on a skateboard
Animal A herd of elephants standing on top of a field.
Furniture Young girl lying on mattress with railing on three sides. 
Indoor A man with a toothbrush taking a selfie in the bathroom mirror
Sports A tennis player in a knee brace gets ready to serve the ball. 
Person a person using a parachute with a wake board
Animal Three dogs are sitting at various levels in grow boxes.
Person An overview of traffic on a wet day.
Person A man playing a game of tennis on a tennis court.
Person A sign is placed over a toilet that is out on a lawn.
Outdoor A man prepares to cross the street at a crosswalk
Person A large truck on a city street with two works sitting on top and one worker climbing in through door.
Person Bowls of bananas and apples for sale in a cafe
Appliance A bathroom has the blue toilet seat off.
Furniture A sandwich with a pile a olives and an apple on a tablecloth. 
Accessory 3 ladies sitting together on a bench in the park. 
Person A portion of a pizza is sitting on a tray and someone is holding a fork and a knife.
Indoor two dogs and a cat sleeping on a bed together
Electronic There is a laptop computer in a room with a couch and a bookcase.
Accessory A man standing next to a donkey with a lot of baggage on it.
Person A man in a construction outfit leaned over a utility truck.
Food A wooden spoon in a soup pot on the stove.
Animal A TV sits in a room with many other things. 
Outdoor Man using a personal laptop computer next to an open breezy window.
Sports A dog chasing a coaster frisbee in a field near a wire fence.
Person A person holding up a chocolate doughnut with a face drawn on it.
Appliance A black refrigerator freezer inside of a kitchen.
Person Television showing a movie with one man threatening another with a razor blade.
Outdoor A stop sign on a corner of a snowy road.
Kitchen A black cat drinking water out of a water faucet.
Kitchen A chair with a lot of stuffed animals on it sitting beside a small table.
Sports Couple of men during couples match playing tennis about to contact ball
Furniture View of a white toilet with sea shells on the tank cover.
Indoor A computer desk with a large purple office chair
Person Man with video game controller in living room with onlooker seated nearby.
Person A young girl in tennis shoes riding a skateboard.
Food Tube of orange and pears, surrounded by boxes of grass and one pineapple
Sports A pair of shoes that are next to a skateboard.
Person A group of people on the sidewalk watching two young children.
Appliance A person that is cooking some food in a kitchen.
Food A picture of a bunch of bananas sitting on a table. 
Vehicle A picture of the land, trees, and people passing by as they ride in a vehicle.
Person A professional baseball holding his bat at home base.
Person a man riding a blue surfboard on top of a wave.
Electronic A computer desktop with other office supplies and papers.
Animal An elephant statue with an opening of various drawings on it.
Electronic A man and a women posing next to one another in front of a table.
Animal Zoo scene of children at zoo near giraffes, attempting to pet or feed them.  
Animal A cat is walking across a rug on a kitchen floor.
Appliance An old fashioned kitchen with the light on. 
Furniture A cat is walking in a kitchen that has cookware hanging on the wall.
Accessory The woman is riding a bike in a dress.
Kitchen a man standing by an oven while making some cookies 
Person A group of people  standing around in the kitchen
Animal A vehicle displays a customized license plate and milk advertisements.
Furniture A man snuggled up to another man under the covers in a bed.
Food Three pictures of plates with salads, including beans, fish and vegetables.
Accessory A man wearing red shirt, tie and glasses.
Indoor A man shouting with a tennis racquet in hand
Animal A small herd of giraffe standing in a plain.
Person A man crossing the street near a bus stop
Furniture A large chapel facing towards the alter with pews on either side and beautiful glass and marble adornments. 
Indoor A view of a room that has a Christmas tree that has been decorated.
Outdoor Workers in fluorescent yellow jackets standing under a fluorescent orange umbrella.
Animal A horse looking over a fence on a snowy day
Accessory Three people stand posing for a picture on a bus.
Vehicle a black and silver motor cycle parked by a shed
Furniture A desk with a laptop, second monitor and keyboard.
Vehicle a very large airplane that is on a runway
Vehicle A sign outside of a closed road redirecting traffic
Accessory A man uses a pair of big scissors to cut a pink ribbon.
Person Three baseball players stand communicating on a field.
Kitchen a close up of a paper box holding hot dogs and french fries
Person a man is holding some stuff standing by the curb
Person a black and white dog laying in the grass with a frisbee 
Food Two bowls of a meat and vegetable dish
Outdoor Parketing meter next to a tree with a warning sign on it. 
Outdoor A motorcycle is parked on a gravel road. 
Food A man is in a kitchen making pizzas.
Accessory Two skiers taking in the view of the mountain range on a cloudy day. 
Kitchen Bunless burgers are a healthy option when paired with vegetables.
Person An air hanger with an old fighter plane inside.
Sports A man in red jacket on skis with trees in background.
Furniture banana partly sliced, peanut butter on a spoon, and cookies 
Kitchen A bunch of food that is on a plate.
Outdoor a large street with buildings and street lights
Vehicle two green and black motorcycles parked and some cars
Accessory One girl trying to block another girl from catching a Frisbee.
Kitchen A plate of food at the table with meat
Outdoor A busy intersection with an ice cream truck driving by.
Person A woman in green sweater eating a hotdog by campfire.
Person A group of people that are on a horse.
Person A sleepy dog wearing a cowboy hat in the back seat of a car
Person a person sitting on  desk operating a laptop next to two other 
Electronic A deep freezer and refrigerator are displayed together.
Person A woman with a straw style hat sitting on a small row boat in the water and accessory items hanging behind her on the land area.
Furniture a grilled panini sits next to a glass of wine on a table
Vehicle an image of a bus that is going down the tracks
Kitchen A plate filled with food sitting on a table next to a drink.
Animal Two giraffes standing next to each other in a holding pen. 
Animal A group of geese swimming in water near a wooded area.
Vehicle Some bicycles and a scooter are parked nearby each other
Sports A wig sitting next to a pair of shoes on top of a table.
Animal A pair of animals living in a habitat.
Appliance A man at a food truck viewing the menu.
Electronic A kitchen filled with wooden cabinets and a microwave oven.
Furniture a bed room with a dog in a neatly made bed
Accessory A woman standing on a cobbled street holding a pink umbrella. 
Person The woman who has bought her groceries is crossing the street.
Person A black and white scene with two couples under umbrellas and rain jackets sitting at a stadium.
Vehicle A train with several cars riding on the track.
Furniture A bathroom with lighting and a toilet and other things.
Furniture A man and a woman cutting up a big sheet cake.
Person Police officer laying a speed trap for the purpose of writing a ticket.
Indoor A white, beige and brown baby bear under a beige/white comforter.
Person A man standing next to luggage on a railway platform.
Person A man holding a stick while looking up. 
Furniture A sandwich and salad sit on a plate next to a glass of water and a water bottle.
Kitchen A rail car that is next to a building.
Food part of a sandwich sitting on a table
Indoor A young guy using his computer and talking on his phone.
Vehicle The pitcher  on the mound has just let go of a baseball directed to the batter. 
Accessory Members of a baseball team are walking across a field.
Kitchen a family sitting around a long table filled with a lot of food 
Accessory A hotel room with focus on the two beds.
Outdoor An old dog sniffs a red fire hydrant.
Electronic A small living space with a couch, desk, chair, and bookcase.
Electronic A fridge with a lot of magnets in a kitchen.
Appliance A child in front of a well stocked refrigerator.
Vehicle Hundreds of bicyclists clog up traffic in a city.
Food A man with a bite of pizza from a plate.
Furniture The man is the sport jacket is holding a racket.
Furniture A kitchen filled with a wooden cabinet and a large window.
Furniture A woman laying in bed reading a book while wearing purple socks.
Outdoor There is a street sign on top of a stop sign near a tree. 
Indoor A clock tower with a large steeple with overcast.
Sports A man playing tennis is swinging his racket.
Sports a kitchen with a stove a sink and a refrigerator
Person An elephant drinking water in an enclosure at a zoo.
Person A bright green train is pulled up for awaiting customers.
Person The group is working together each with a laptop.
Vehicle A young boy with a gold shirt is on a purple skateboard.
Person Eating a donut makes for a quick and easy breakfast.
Outdoor A train heads down some tracks near a railroad crossing sign and a dirt road.
Person A man riding a brown horse in uniform next to tall green trees.
Sports A baseball player pitching a ball on a field,
Animal A woman prepares bread and pastries on a table.
Furniture A desk containing a desktop and laptop computers.
Person A group photo of men and boys from the Goodmayes Boys School dated April 1929.
Person A man swinging a baseball bat as another looks on.
Vehicle Several people in a green field flying kites.
Person there is a woman laying in a bed using a lap top
Person A fleet of ships docked on a sandy beach.
Person a young man is doing tricks on his skateboard 
Person People on a beach fly a kite near the water
Vehicle A young woman on a tennis court preparing to serve the ball. 
Animal A giraffe stands at the edge of some trees. 
Kitchen A living room set is displayed next to a large window with a view of a wooded area.
Vehicle Five people riding some motorbikes on the road
Person Two women who are holding wine glasses. 
Person a bunch of people that are walking across the snow
Person One guy is showing another guy the intricacies of the Wii. 
Accessory A picture of a tv screen with two faces overlapping 
Person a person that is on a motorcycle in the dark
Electronic A little baby sitting on the floor with a cell phone.
Accessory A large kite with three orange, white and black fish.
Accessory Pedestrians walking on cobbled sidewalk past multiple storefronts..
Indoor A brick building with a tall clock tower beside it.
Person A sign explaining the components of a 10 speed bike.
Accessory There are pasteries with winnies inside of them on display for sale 
Person Four pictures showing the way a stew being cooked looks at various stages.
Person Pitcher in the baseball game getting ready to throw the ball
Person A man that is on a tennis court with a racquet.
Animal A large group of zebras in a open field.
Animal A baby elephant walks between the legs of its mother.
Vehicle Group of sheep crossing over a street onto an open field. 
Vehicle A public transportation bus near a curb with a bicycle rack.
Kitchen A group of people gathered at a table in a restaurant.
Vehicle a digitally manipulated image of cars on a highway at night in the city
Vehicle A city street with small carts bing peddled by a men on bikes 
Animal A group of young men standing on top of a sandy beach.
Sports a skateboarder in brown pants is doing a trick
Food A sandwich with nachos and a salad on a plate.
Furniture A white plate topped with a cut in half sandwich and a salad.
Food A raw piece of broccoli with something growing from it. 
Vehicle Road signage with sticker displayed near parking area.
Person A person riding a motorcycle  down a road.
Animal A cat and a computer mouse on the ground.
Appliance A woman is standing and smiling as she holds a wine glass in front of a refrigerator.
Furniture Three beds in a street with cartoon figures in the bed.
Sports Two men holding their surfboards near an ocean. 
Vehicle This is a bike locked to a parking meter.
Indoor  A downtown city view from a high vantage point at night.
Vehicle a blue jet is sitting next to a sign
Person A boy doing a skateboard trick on a concrete barrier.
Person A surfer is in the middle of an ocean wave.
Animal a moving truck with a dog sitting in the back
Person A woman feeds a toddler a hot dog while he holds a purple bottle.
Electronic The small room has a couch, a television, and a table with two stools.
Person A group of young men pose for a picture with some adults.
Person A donuts machine making donuts in large batches.
Animal A cat holding a fake carrot while scratching on a rug.
Electronic A woman sits on a ledge and looks at her phone.
Animal A small giraffe standing on sand in its zoo enclosure
Outdoor a red park bench that is by some water
Vehicle a fire hydrant that has dirty, brown water inside
Indoor A man lighting candles on a birthday cake for a little girl.
Vehicle A strange trolley is being pulled through town.
Furniture The dog was standing in the bathroom near the sink and toilet.
Vehicle a kid is swinging a baseball bat at a game
Outdoor Someone's living room contains a bookshelf with lots of books.
Kitchen A plate of food featuring burger patties, potatoes and carrots. 
Accessory A man pokes his head through a wall to photograph boys skateboarding
Food A picture of a person eating some food.
Accessory View of plaza with tower near beach on sunny day.
Person A man on a bicycle watching someone on stage
Person A young lady that is making a diving catch to get the frisbee. 
Outdoor A no cursing sign posted as a street sign.
Person A man biting into a doughnut with a sly look.
Animal A herd of animals on the side of the road.
Indoor A living area with two chairs and a coffee table.
Animal Two horses in an enclosed area during the day.
Furniture A run down waiting room at a transit station.
Appliance A very nice bathroom with toilet and mirror. 
Animal A man standing on top of a structure under a cloudy sky.
Vehicle a yellow white and black bus and some people 
Outdoor there is a man sitting at a table using a lap top
Indoor A group of people playing tennis on a video game with a large television on.
Food A young boy holding a doughnut with a bite out of it.
Food A able topped with lots of heart shaped cakes.
Animal A small black goat sits next to a white large goat.
Person An Apple user and his faithful cat surf the web.
Kitchen A cup sits on the edge of a white tub in a bathroom.
Food Lots of people at a long table eating, drinking and smiling
Sports A boy with catchers gear on looking at some baseball bats.
Furniture A person standing on a skateboard on top of a ramp.
Furniture a number of baseball players with bats 
Vehicle A black and white image of a shipyard with some boats. 
Sports A man in yellow shirt and black shorts playing a game of tennis.
Person A plane is flying away from the airport
Sports a few people that are standing on a beach
Animal Two zebra standing next to each other on a field.
Appliance some cans sitting on the kitchen floor 
Vehicle A jet fighter flying through the sky above a snow covered mountain.
Indoor A wood carved bear is sitting on a table.
Electronic Small group using laptops and headphones in a classroom.
Food A group of people walking across asphalt, dressed informally
Person An Alaska Air Lines passenger jet at an airport terminal.
Person Two hot dogs are sandwiched between two slices of bread
Furniture A large white dog laying underneath a bed.
Furniture A television is on a tv stand next to a bureau. 
Vehicle very well decorated and fruits in a very big box
Person a large family enjoying a dinner on a large table 
Sports The snow skier is performing a flip in the air.
Outdoor The subject of this photo is a fire plug on a city street.
Person this is a little boy swinging a bat
Animal A motorcycle is sitting outside near some plants.
Animal A dog is sitting on a neatly made bed while someone looks on. 
Person A couple of jockey's riding the horses through the beach.
Kitchen A plate that has food that is sitting on the table.
Person a person operating a blender hooked up to a small motor
Animal A small dog with a chain collar looking at another dog.
Person The skier is coming down the slope on a very snowy day.
Kitchen A teddy bear sitting in front of a pile of boxes.
Indoor A woman checking her cell phone with a hello kitty case.
Outdoor A boy standing on skis in the snow.
Furniture A desk with monitors, a keyboard, mouse and toy action figures.
Person The woman wearing a costume among others is using a cell phone.
Sports Skiers look at the snow that they skied down.
Electronic A pretty young lady making a pizza next to a man in a kitchen.
Person Horses are racing next to motorcycles on a dirt track.
Person Many children sit around a person in a Santa costume.
Indoor A very clean kitchen has stainless steel appliances.
Appliance A bathroom with a white toilet and a sink net to a shower.
Vehicle This is a picture of a interesting mural on a truck.
Indoor A couple of people in a room with remotes.
Appliance A couple taking a photo of themselves cleaning their teeth
Animal A yellow tabby cat is shown smelling a keyboard.
Furniture There is some ham, bread, eggs and tomatoes on a plate.
Sports a girl in all black surf boarding in a red surfboard
Vehicle A photo of an outside with various things in the scene.
Furniture This man has a paper flower and a green tie
Furniture A guy in a green shirt casually plays the Nintendo Wii.
Sports Beach scene with walkers on beach, boaters and swimmers.
Sports A woman holding a tennis racquet on a  tennis court.
Person many backpacks and luggage bags piled up on top of each other
Outdoor People moving around on the streets surrounding an old castle.
Furniture A living room has an over stacked bookcase.
Animal A white horse is out eating in a field
Person A woman standing in front of a white toilet.
Vehicle This man is riding a skateboard behind a dog.
Vehicle A group of motorcycles down a long street filled with trees on either side.
Outdoor A small bench in front of a building
Outdoor A little white dog is standing on a bench.
Accessory An umbrella on a backyard patio is upturned from the wind. 
Person A computer is sitting on its desktop, setup on the desk with a keyboard. 
Indoor a fireplace a table couch piano lights and a picture
Accessory A girl in a dress and shirt standing in a field.
Person Parents watching young boys playing soccer on a green field
Indoor A beige living room with a cabinet,flowers, lamp and armchair.
Animal A few zebras are standing near tall grass.
Outdoor A parking meter and wall that has graffiti on it.
Indoor A wooden desk with a laptop computer sitting on it.
Person A man wearing red shirt, tie and glasses.
Kitchen A with plate with a chocolate pastry and whip cream. 
Kitchen a couple of pizzas are sat out on a table
Furniture A red toilet with many pipes and wires behind it.
Food A person grabbing a slice of pizza with cheese and mushrooms.
Person Various kites near the ground in a field.
Person a man in glasses sits in front of some wine glasses 
Accessory A man is holding a baseball bat next to a Military dressed man. 
Kitchen A man on a cell phone standing next to a bed.
Vehicle A pink and white bus parked next to sidewalk and people.
Person A farmer with draught horses uses a plow to furrow
Furniture A woman standing in a kitchen next to a table.
Vehicle A car is parked on the side of the street in the rain.
Furniture The woman is sitting down with a laptop on her lap.
Sports A batter getting ready to bat with the catcher and umpire behind him.
Vehicle A group of people sitting around a table eating pizza.
Kitchen A collection of soap dishes, bowls, and small trinkets. 
Food A plate full of different types of foods.
Person A group of people gaze at laptop screens.
Person An elderly woman seated at a table holding three pizzas.
Vehicle A woman is on a phone in front of a fruit stand.
Outdoor A train is pulling into the train station.
Outdoor Three empty benches face each other beneath a canopy.
Electronic Woman sitting on top of a couch in front of two laptops. 
Person A great shot of a very nice and large city somewhere.
Accessory A woman is cutting into a cake with a large knife.
Person A television that has been placed outside, a video game is being played on it.
Food A man and child sitting on a street with fruits in baskets.
Person Some large streamers, some look like a clown fish.
Food The dining table near the kitchen has a bowl of fruit on it.
Electronic A wood carved bear is sitting on a table.
Person A surfer rides a small wave in the ocean.
Kitchen A child standing in a bathroom wrapped in a towel.
Sports A LARGE GROUP OF PEOPLE WATCH AS A SKATER DOES HIS TRICKS
Vehicle A horse drawn carriage with two women riding on it.
Sports A baseball team crowd together on the field
Accessory A man is sitting on a chair with some pizza.
Accessory A woman standing in front of an outdoor wall decorated with images and clocks.
Kitchen a bowl of bananas and a bowl of apples in a kitchen
Sports A man standing near home plate swinging a bat.
Indoor A clock between two bronze flamingo statues on a black box.
Person A person in rubber boots and a rain coat seated on a bench.
Electronic A woman looks down at her phone in her hands.
Outdoor A stop sign in front of two buildings on a street.
Indoor a group of people sitting around a long table 
Food A large white multi layered cake sitting on top of a table.
Sports A man holding a tennis racket and ball as if to start a serve.
Person A woman walking by a fence holding an orange umbrella over her
Person A woman on a tennis court is swinging a racquet.
Indoor People walking by a clock on the street.
Vehicle A transit bus riding through a city street at night.
Person Statue of caricature sitting on bench near roadway in urban city.
Person A group of cars waiting at an intersection for the light to change
Accessory Woman talking on cell phone on sidewalk with pedestrians nearby.
Kitchen A desk topped with snacks and electronics with office supplies.
Accessory some people are leaning over a railing on a boat 
Food A man taking a selfie eating something fried
Sports A ballplayer on deck practicing for his turn at bat
Electronic A young man on a wooden bench using a laptop.
Animal A black and white picture of three lambs. 
Sports A child wears a helmet while on the skateboard
Kitchen People sitting down in the restaurant eating meals
Outdoor a shop a car traffic lights and buildings
Furniture a lady wearing a straw hat in a boat with oars
Person a chair and a umbrella that is on a beach
Furniture A young girl eating a slice of pizza.
Person A person slices a pizza fresh out of the oven.
Outdoor A man leans back, preparing to swing a bat. 
Animal an animal laying down on top of some rocks.
Furniture An office cubicle with four different types of computers.
Person A woman sits on a ledge and looks at her phone.
Furniture A dog sits waiting while his owner cuts some meat.  
Electronic Two mobile devices are lying on a table.
Outdoor A woman and baby are waiting for the train
Furniture A plate sits on a table mostly empty, except for a few vegetables.
Furniture A man in the desert sits in the shade next to his birdcage.
Kitchen An office with a couple of computers on a desk and a work ligt.
Indoor a very clean sink in a bathroom and  a towel
Furniture A well decorated toilet seat with undecorated surroundings.
Person There is a doll standing in the middle of a toy bathroom.
Furniture A man playing a video game while two men sit on a couch. 
Vehicle A person on a motorcycle talking to a person with a watermelon.
Electronic a desk with a computer  a laptop and monitor
Food A sandwich sitting on top of a pile of fries.
Furniture A crowd of adults and children are at a park.
Animal There is a polar bear swimming in the water.
Indoor A black and whit vase sitting on a small table.
Electronic A number of people around a large table working on laptop computers.
Sports Two men ride surfboards through the crashing waves.
Person There are lots and lots of suitcases stacked up together.
Sports A lady seems to be attending to a fallen toddler. 
Furniture A puppy all curled up taking a nap.
Person some people and a long thin boat water and houses
Person A person in a black wetsuit surfing on a wave alone
Outdoor A red fire hydrant with graphic art decal.
Person A lady seems to be attending to a fallen toddler. 
Animal A man and his dog are coming out of the water
Kitchen A boy swinging a baseball bat at a ball.
Animal An adult giraffe grazing in a brown field.
Electronic Man with video game controller in living room with onlooker seated nearby.
Furniture A guy with a nice guitar standing on a bed.
Vehicle Bikers, dressed in their gear, standing near their motorcycles.
Accessory A black bomb squad truck driving down a  road.
Person Beach goers set up umbrellas next to rental signs while a cop watches.
Person a man is working on a hub cap on the ground
Person A woman and child sitting at table with food and drinks.
Person A person is riding down a hill on a snowboard.
Food A young child that is sitting by a red cake.
Person A guy and a girl looking into the bathroom mirror taking a selfie photo with toothbrushes in their mouths.
Vehicle A group of people pushing a bus down a road.
Person A couple standing outside of a restaurant on a sidewalk.
Vehicle A train is passing by while an onlooker is standing next to track.
Furniture A sandwich with meat sitting next to grapes and an apple.
Indoor The caramel-colored kitten is  lying on the small blanket on top of the unmade bed.
Person little kids in a barn petting a sheep in a stall 
Food A banana is on a plate with cookies and peanut butter.
Animal The zebra is wondering about the shadow that he sees.
Kitchen A group of people sitting around two couches.
Electronic A girl wearing a hat sits with her laptop.
Person A person with a remote in a room.
Furniture a tan teddy bear wearing a bow tie sitting on a bed
Vehicle A Northumbria bus is parked in a field.
Electronic a man in glasses is holding up a cellphone
Sports A baseball game showing a batter waiting for a pitch.
Vehicle A curse word written on a traffic sign.
Kitchen A monitor, keyboard, coffee cup, and plastic bottle sit on a table. 
Vehicle A man in a jean jacket riding a motorcycle on a road.
Outdoor A boy doing a stunt on a skateboard 
Sports A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
Kitchen Two sandwiches on Rye bread sit on a foil covered pan.
Vehicle A cat laying on a white car outside. 
Person A man on a tennis court with a tennis racket.
Animal Gray cat lying on seat cushion on outdoor wooden chair.
Person a lady playing with a wii on a large screen
Animal A rear view of two zebras with their heads up against a fence.
Electronic A hallway table with a vase of flowers next to a printed sitting chair.
Sports A couple of snow skiers are casting a shadow on the snow.
Sports A man skiing on top of a pipe.
Animal A train with lights on traveling on train tracks.
Sports a man standing in the middle of a tennis court with a large crowd watching 
Outdoor A man that is covered in liquid near a hydrant.
Animal A cat sleeping on top of a suitcase 
Furniture A dog laying in the back of a moving truck.
Person A man ignites spray from a can next to his friend on a skateboard
Animal a dog is jumping in the air toward a disk
Indoor A bathroom with the sink and medicine cabinet visible.
Person A woman eating a sandwich near a campfire.
Person Blurry photograph of a woman skiing down a slope
Furniture A television, couch and chair in the corner of a room.
Vehicle a motorcycle parked in doors near other vehicles 
Sports The man playing tennis is reaching up to hit the ball.
Vehicle A gray and blue plane flies in the blue sky.
Vehicle The inside of a commuter city bus with palide seats
Person A baseball player in a batting stance at home plate with the catcher in position to catch a pitch.
Kitchen Man throwing frisbee in a green park with trees
Sports a man is riding on a surfboard at the beach
Sports A dog laying down in his bed in the living room.
Outdoor a big purple bus parked in a parking spot
Animal A dog laying on the floor with it's mouth on a bottle of beer.
Person A little boy about to hit a baseball during a game.
Animal A cat outside looking straight ahead with a tree behind it.
Kitchen Various plates of food that include hashbrowns, waffles and grits.
Vehicle a colorful motorcycle sitting next to a fence 
Sports A surfer riding through a barrel on a wave. 
Person a bunch of people on skis are in the snow 
Vehicle A group of people visit and eat food outside city hall.
Vehicle A man on a motorcycle is waving at two men.
Food A huge plate of yummy food with fork to eat. 
Animal A giraffe and two zebras in a dirt area next to fence.
Vehicle A couple of brown horses walking down a street next to buildings.
Person A pizza that is sitting on a platter.
Furniture A room with a man in it talking on his phone.
Person a woman is showing off a large pizza pie
Sports A man is on a surfboard riding a wave. 
Furniture A gray cat on a table with a pen and phone handset
Animal THERE ARE PEOPLE RIDING ON AN ELEPHANT BACK
Sports A man prepares to fly his kite on a sandy beach.
Vehicle A train at the station with no passengers around.
Accessory A colorful umbrella sitting outside of a pink building.
Food Three different meals on plates with silverware and beverages.
Vehicle A large aircraft in the blue sky by itself
Vehicle Dude ecstatic sitting by himself at a table full of food.
Person Person in a parka taking pictures with a mobile phone camera.
Sports A boy is riding the wave on a boogie board.
Sports Several items including two surf boards on the beach
Appliance a woman standing over a pot holding a plate of food
Sports Competitor with  referee looking on green tennis court.
Sports TWO MEN IMITATING A SHARK PICTURE ON A SURFBOARD
Sports Two guys leap for the Frisbee as they play their game in some sort of a gym.
Indoor A tower white with yellow trim tower features a large clock.
Vehicle A hot dog vendor sits outside a famous building in the city.
Person A smiling young mother holding her infant child.
Person A group of people standing on ski's in the snow.
Person An entrance to a galeria of some kind 
Person A man standing next to a traffic light in Australia 
Food A frozen pizza is cooked in an oven.
Food Street vendor selling produce in a street display.
Person A bunch of cows that are standing in the grass.
Food three different pictures of bean salad on a plate
Electronic A television is sitting in a cluttered room.
Vehicle A woman is sitting on a bench in the grass.
Person A child is posing with a tennis racquet.
Food A simple lunch includes a coffee drink, fruit and a sandwich wrap.
Accessory A person skiing down a mountain in the snow.
Animal Two large brown horses pulling a plow as a farmer guides them.
Indoor A room with chairs, a table, and a woman in it.
Person A bunch of kids are posing with santa
Kitchen A brightly decorated living room with a stylish feel.
Sports A person carrying a surfboard on the beach at sunset.
Indoor Computer desk with laptop open on it with pictures on wall
Person A man on cross country skis at the edge of a trail.
Food A white plate with two slices of cheese and a whole banana unpealed.
Indoor A woman holds her small child in her lap.
Furniture A person shows off his tennis racket in a suit
Furniture A guy is hold up a big pastry to is mouth. 
Kitchen A couple of people sitting in chairs behind an airplane.
Appliance A counter in a kitchen line with black metal stools.
Animal A man standing next to a donkey with a lot of baggage on it.
Electronic A man at an office desk drinking a glass of wine.
Indoor Clock tower sitting in the center of a busy city street. 
Vehicle Young adults riding on city sidewalk with skateboards.
Vehicle an airplane is flying over some trees and buildings
Sports The boy plays with his skate board in the street.
Appliance A man smiles maniacly while putting a dog into an oven.
Indoor Flower are placed in a vase covered in shells.
Outdoor A red and yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
Person A bunch of surfboards that are in the sand.
Sports A man playing a game of tennis on a tennis court.
Person A chicken standing below a bench at a park.
Appliance A kitchen with a lot of people inside of it.
Food A produce stand in an open air market with different veggies.
Indoor A girl holding a plate with a cake and candles.
Electronic A half sandwich sitting on a paper plate located on a table
Furniture A group of people sitting in a restaurant booth eating food.
Food Bowls of bananas and apples for sale in a cafe
Electronic A camera sits on a tripod connected to a laptop.
Person A man playing tennis who is about to return a serve.
Person Six well dressed men jumping into the air simultaneously.
Furniture An upscale living area containing white and glass furniture with brown accents.
Accessory Two children sit atop their parent's luggage in the parking lot.
Indoor Three laptop computers and a desktop computer sit next to each other.
Indoor A living room with a unique looking carpet and a fire place. 
Furniture A living room with a fire place and furniture.
Indoor Several pieces of bread sitting on a grill with a person putting vegetables on top of them.
Animal A cat sitting on top of a car at night time.
Kitchen A child holds a spoon and looks at a cupcake.
Furniture A vacant bus has seats facing in multiple directions.
Animal A man wearing a Santa hat holding a dog posing for a picture.
Outdoor Streetlights and traffic lights light up the night on an empty street.
Person A group of people in a park with a tall clock tower in the background.
Person A man eating a banana at a kitchen counter.
Food A person making thin crust pizza in a kitchen
Person A young man holding a bat on top of a baseball field.
Vehicle A red fire hydrant is on the brick sidewalk.
Outdoor Cute white fluffy dog standing on an old wooden bench
Animal A man acting like he's going to put his dog in an oven.
Kitchen A large pizza on a plate with forks
Sports A man on a surfboard, who is riding a wave.
Person two people some drinks some plates and a small pizza
Indoor A man uses a pair of big scissors to cut a pink ribbon.
Food A little girl looking at a pizza pie
Furniture a chair with some kind of stuffed animal on it
Electronic A cat lying on a sofa in front of a computer.
Kitchen The boy and girl are making pizzas together.
Sports a little boy that is jumping a skateboard
Person A man on a skateboard is coming up a ramp.
Animal A pond of water with three giraffe walking in the dirt.
Person A group of brief cases are piled up on the sidewalks.
Food The man is using chopsticks to eat his meal.
Person Man flying a kite on the beach while others run along the sand.
Person a bus that is  next to a bunch of cars
Vehicle A group of people holding a large pair of scissors to a ribbon.
Animal A man sitting on a bench surrounded by pigeons.
Furniture Two refrigerators standing side by side in a room.
Animal An iguana and three pigeons sitting on cement steps
Vehicle a blue motorcycle sitting beside a wall covered with tagging
Vehicle A red and yellow passenger bus on the road.
Electronic A black and white cat sits on a red cloth that is over a television set.
Vehicle The reflection of a large metal structure in the windshield of a bus
Accessory The woman in the pink skirt is holding an umbrella. 
Person a woman wearing skis on a snowy mountain posing for the camera. 
Animal A little boy in a yellow shirt feeding a giraffe.  
Furniture Tube of orange and pears, surrounded by boxes of grass and one pineapple
Electronic A large living area with a bed and some couches
Electronic A picture of a computer and some items on the table.
Accessory A man with a plaid hat, tie, dress shirt and glasses on.
Person A young man talks on his cell phone.
Kitchen A plate with salad and a cut of meat and silverware laid on top.
Sports A man on a skateboard doing tricks at the park
Indoor a train sitting on the tracks at a station
Accessory Shirtless man pushing his bike on a city street. 
Sports A MAN IS  PLAYING TENNIS ON THE TENNIS COURT
Sports A baseball player in a batting stance at home plate with the catcher in position to catch a pitch.
Indoor A bed flanked on both sides by two room lights and desks.
Sports Two dogs playing in the grass with a frisbee.
Animal The elephants are about to leave the ring.
Furniture Two young people playing a game on a video game console.
Outdoor A child watching an event and taking a picture with his cell phone.
Outdoor A bicycle is locked up to a post
Outdoor A brown and gold fire hydrant in front of a brick building.
Food A group of people sit at a table with cake.
Kitchen This is a picture of a white and black kitchen.
Kitchen A man riding a skateboard on top of a ramp.
Vehicle Outdoor show with sheep prominent on grass field.
Kitchen Some cooked breads are on top of a plate. 
Food A cupcake with pink frosting topped with a candy yellow star.
Person Skateboard rider doing a trick near a beach during sunset.
Person A bus makes a splash in the heavy rain.
Sports A batter swings at a pitch during a baseball game.
Outdoor Traffic lights on a corner of a road with vehicles 
Outdoor A bus traveling on a road next to cars with building in background.
Animal Small kitten sitting on top of a wooden crate. 
Appliance This bathroom which includes a bidet is very dirty.
Outdoor We are looking at an old photo of a city street.
Person Two people on the sand of a beach area with a man holding the strings to a large parachute that is partially on the sand.
Person Crown marching in one direction in a lightly attended protest.
Sports a group of people on skis in the snow
Person A girls' softball game where the batter just hit the pitch.
Person The man is riding his skateboard down the street. 
Accessory A woman is riding her bike down the street in front of traffic.
Appliance an unfinished bathroom with a sink and pipes on the floor
Indoor Room with sofa, sewing machine, and potted plants.
Animal Graham black cat sitting on an orange couch looking out the window. 
Person A young girl plays with a teddy bear and puts a brush in her mouth.
Person Historic buildings cover an area with architectural elements alongside the street.
Person A smiling young woman posing with a sleek brown horse.
Animal A rocking chair with a cat walking past.
Appliance A picture of an unfinished back splash in the kitchen with a microwave and other small kitchen appliances.
Person this is a man and a woman on a sandy beach
Kitchen The dog was standing in the bathroom near the sink and toilet.
Vehicle Man making funny gesture with tongue while sitting on motorcycle.
Accessory A guy in a business suit and glasses smiling
Animal A man feeding a giraffe through a metal fence
Furniture A persons arm reaching over a table filled with food.
Person A man sitting on a toilet with a cigarette and beer can in hand.
Person A person riding a horse through a field.
Kitchen There are many people on this field flying kites
Person Man preforming stunt on skateboard outside in the city.
Vehicle Small children in green uniforms running on a soccer field. 
Person A row of girls holding umbrellas pose for a picture.
Vehicle A white double decker boat n water next to buildings.
Person A person on a horse jumping over a obstacle.
Appliance This older photo depicts a woman working in a primitive kitchen.
Indoor Parents and children, some with toys, in a park walking in line. 
Person Workers in fluorescent yellow jackets standing under a fluorescent orange umbrella.
Animal A mother and it's calf standing in a field.
Animal A man jumping a brown horse over an obstacle.
Person The horse is jumping over the poles outside.
Vehicle A number of red and green traffic lights on a wide highway.
Person A man riding a skateboard down a street in front of a red car.
Person a bench with a statue stting on one side of it 
Animal a close up of a cat on a desk near a keyboard
Sports A couple of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.
Person Competitor with  referee looking on green tennis court.
Person Person laying in a hospital bed with lots of equipment.
Electronic A kitchen has a refrigerator and ice chest. 
Sports Several colorful kites in the sky by several persons in the ground.
Accessory A painted picture of a man and a woman on a motorcycle.
Person a girl in full riding gear riding a brown horse
Furniture A small room with different types of furniture and appliances that it makes it hard to tell what type of room it is.
Accessory An old woman leans on her back while sitting on an ornate bench.
Appliance A cook in the kitchen is making something very good to eat.
Person A baseball player swinging a bat a a baseball.
Accessory two people riding a motorcycle with chairs and umbrellas near by
Indoor A MAN IS STANDING IN HIS KITCHEN HOLDING A YELLOW KITE
Food A pizza cut into six slices with three different toppings.
Person a couple of people that are biking down a road
Animal A bear walking across a stone wall near trees.
Person A city bus that is stopped at a bus stop
Kitchen A pizza served on a white plate next to empty wine glass and beer.
Animal Two large elephants standing next to a wire fence.
Food A bunch of shelves that are holding a variety of donuts.
Kitchen A kitchen counter is cluttered with cooking supplies. 
Animal A small dog is looking out a car window.
Accessory The lady on the phone is wearing an umbrella hat.
Furniture A row of buildings and a city street on a hill that is pretty steep.
Furniture A woman in a red shirt is looking at her phone.
Food A shopping cart full of food that includes bananas and milk.
Person Two people standing in a yard with tree's and flowers.
Indoor A small, white formica kitchen with a refrigerator, sink and small electrical appliances
Animal Three zebra in the middle of a field with a body of water in the distance.
Person A man wearing a blue blazer is also wearing a red hat.
Furniture A WOMAN IS SITTING AT THTE TABLE EATING FOOD 
Kitchen A dog laying down in his bed in the living room.
Appliance Two men are sitting in chairs, playing a video game.
Sports an image of a female tennis player that is returning a serve
Accessory The woman is working at the kitchen counter.
Person A large group of people on some bikes on a street.
Appliance A bathroom that has been gutted with the shower basin the only thing left.
Person A man holding a pan with hot dogs on buns. 
Indoor A bathroom scene complete with a cast iron style tub.
Kitchen Several tools sit on the wood boundaries of a field.
Vehicle A large red and yellow fire truck passed by a white car,
Sports there is a dog in the air going to catch a frisbee
Food A group of red, yellow and orange fruit  mixed together.
Accessory A group of young children sitting next to each other.
Person Dude ecstatic sitting by himself at a table full of food.
Person A man in front of a vendor on a skateboard.
Animal A smiling young woman posing with a sleek brown horse.
Person A person holding a teddy bear as she writes on her belly.
Vehicle A brown freightiliner train parked on the tracks
Sports A man laying on top of a tennis court while holding a tennis racquet.
Person A rider is riding a horse at a race track.
Kitchen a table that has some food on top of it
Vehicle two people standing on a paved sidewalk with skateboards
Food a cupcake with pink icing in a pink paper cupcake holder next to a spoon.
Accessory A man crossing the street near a bus stop
Accessory The city is very busy today with foot traffic. 
Vehicle A gathering of people and several motor bikes.
Furniture A woman sitting in a restaurant with Mexican food on her plate 
Electronic A man sitting at a desk in an office.
Indoor Two dogs and a cat lying on a bed
Furniture A kitchen island has a farmhouse sink on it.
Furniture Woman working with large assortment of baked goods at kitchen table.
Electronic A tourist unfolds an umbrella near ancient ruins.
Indoor Statues on the second floor of a building, sitting below a clock.
Appliance A man stirring something in a foil roasting pan.
Indoor A vase of white flowers sitting on a window sill. 
Food Three pictures of entrees with tomatoes, black beans, and broccoli. 
Furniture Slices of food are arranged around food piled on a plate.
Furniture a bathroom with a sink a mirror a toilet and a shower
Kitchen A pan is filled with broccoli, peppers, and diced sausage.
Person A woman tennis player getting ready to be served the ball.
Outdoor An old fashioned steam engine train traveling down railroad tracks.
Kitchen A red plate topped with a piece of cake.
Vehicle A man taking a picture in a side car mirror with his cell phone.
Electronic A large brown dog laying on top of a blue couch.
Animal three zebras in a field near bushes 
Person A person is stomping on a black briefcase.
Indoor A church tower with a clock in the centre and arched windows
Person A crowd of people standing in the middle of a street.
Outdoor Multi-colored umbrellas in a black and white picture near the water
Sports A group of people with a man in the background with a stick.
Person A knit cover and note hang below a parking meter. 
Person A purple and white bus driving down a street.
Furniture The bench is in a shady area surrounded by plants
Animal A woman exercising a brown horse in a riding ring.
Furniture Multi-colored umbrellas in a black and white picture near the water
Person A child standing in a bathroom wrapped in a towel.
Person A man is skiing on a snowy slope.
Furniture Women serving baked goods under a canopy 
Outdoor A stop sign is posted next to a parking lot.
Accessory Several people standing around and a black dog with a collar walking around.
Food Three girls share a bite of pizza clowning for the camera.
Appliance A bathroom with two sinks sitting under mirrors.
Kitchen A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.
Vehicle a bicyclist rests on a bike on an empty highway with two horses walking alone up the street 
Furniture A cream colored bathroom is clean and empty.
Sports A child playing with a plastic bat and ball in a yard next to a garage. 
Furniture Teen baseball player ready to bat while other teammates take practice swings in background.
Person a man sitting on a black leather couch messing with a phone.
Accessory Three people cross country skiing in a field.
Furniture Two apples, a bowl of food with berries and a pitcher and spoon on a purple place mat.
Food  A wooden cutting board filled with chopped vegetables.
Sports a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface
Furniture Something knitted is lying on top of a laptop.
Sports The paths of some snowboarders carved in a mountain slope.
Animal A brown, black and white bird resting on a tree branch.
Food A man cooking hot dogs with a light colored jacket on
Animal Pack of 6 elephants walking through the native brush.
Furniture A cat laying with a laptop on a table.
Animal A dog is next to a tree and a bunch of people are walking up to colored umbrellas and some have rested under a tree.
Vehicle a group of boats parked next to a dock in the water
Food a chef's display of ingredients and pastry creations
Outdoor A person in rubber boots and a rain coat seated on a bench.
Animal A dog sitting on a table next to a newspaper and a cup.
Sports A man standing on a skateboard near a ramp. 
Vehicle A group of people standing outside of a building.
Vehicle A clock that is on the side of a building.
Animal A herd of sheep are blocking the road.
Furniture A table that has plates of food, cups, and silver ware on it.
Appliance A bedroom with bunk beds and the bathroom next door.
Accessory A tour group is guided through a museum.
Kitchen a man in glasses sits in front of some wine glasses 
Person A hot dog on a bun with spicy mustard on it.
Indoor People laying in chairs, walking, and playing in the water on the beach.
Person A woman sitting on a bike with a cellphone.
Furniture Grainy photograph of thinly sliced fruit in a bowl
Animal A white and orange cat looking at itself in front of a mirror. 
Food A close up picture of some food on a plate.
Indoor Three stuffed bears wearing clothes riding on a sled.
Person People working behind glass in a doughnut making factory.
Furniture Outdoor impromptu bar scene on wooden bench, ice coolers, blender, bottles and several other items, appearing very crowded. 
Furniture A man in a jacket and hat looks at the camera.
Indoor A large tall tower with a clock on top.
Sports He is ready to block the flight of that Frisbee.
Furniture Young children playing game on wooden deck surface.
Person A dark room with an open laptop and a computer monitor behind it.
Sports a tennis player swinging at the tennis ball
Accessory a blue and red plane on a runway
Accessory a man with a hat standing close to the tracks 
Electronic A woman sitting sideways in a chair in front of her TV. 
Sports People cross country skiing on a path between trees.
Furniture There are purple flowers in a wooden vase. 
Furniture A woman laying in bed next to a cat.
Animal 2 men wearing red cloaks riding on horseback.
Sports A baseball player preparing to throw a pitch during a game.
Appliance A broom is hanging on the wall of a house.
Indoor A man is looking at himself in the mirror.
Vehicle A large office building has shining mirrored windows.
Person A man in a suit with a blue tie and vest.
Person A man in a green shirt stands by a girl holding a piece of cake on a plate.
Furniture A table topped with blenders and bottles of alcohol and cups.
Accessory A man standing in the street with a umbrella.
Sports Many skiers are waiting to ride a chair lift.
Animal Two women in bikinis on horses stand in the ocean.
Furniture A vase with flowers sitting on a table near a television.
Furniture a bathroom with a toilet and a lot of ski boots
Person A women is standing on the sidewalk under a sign.
Electronic A very nice looking deck area with a small table and a laptop.
Person A group of people standing around each other in skis.
Kitchen there is whine and bread on this table
Food A person shows two bowls full of different fruits
Person A train sits on the tracks by the platform.
Indoor Somebody left a lap top plugged into the wall on a bench. 
Kitchen Children at a birthday party sitting at a picnic table.
Food A fork being held over a very cheesy pizza that's missing a slice. 
Person A person sits at a table in front of a sandwich on dark bread, a salad and cucumbers.
Animal A polar bear is standing next to a rock.
Kitchen A banana frittata next to a plate of decoratively cut fruit and a cup of coffee.
Furniture Woman waiting for a serve in a tennis match.
Person On a rainy day at the zoo umbrellas are frequently seen.
Electronic a bed room with a neatly made bed 
Kitchen A young woman standing in the kitchen pours from a large measuring cup.
Appliance The microwave is out on the side of the street. 
Indoor A teddy bear sitting with a Finding Nemo stuffed animal on a bench.
Person A speed limit sign sits on a sidewalk of a residential block.
Animal A cat is seated in a window sell looking outside the window
Animal A man is sitting on the back of an elephant. 
Sports A surfer is on top of an ocean wave.
Outdoor A park bench that is sitting in grass under a tree.
Accessory Men sit around a table sharing a meal.
Person A bartender opening a bottle with a rag.
Animal A statue depicting a bear breaking into a car.
Outdoor A road signage giving directions on a road covered with snow
Person A surfer is riding on a small wave.
Electronic Covered food is sitting on a kitchen counter. 
Sports A person in a blue coat is skiing down a slope.
Furniture A bathroom with white fixtures and tile floor
Sports a man lies on the floor next to some gadgets
Food Various dishes of food sit in bowls on a table.
Accessory A briefcase full of old used books on sale
Sports A girl throwing a boomerang in a backyard.
Sports A professional baseball player with his glove out.
Animal A couple of elephants standing in the grass.
Person There are many cars that are parked in the parking lot
Person A woman in a wedding dress with another lady holding a piece of cake.
Food A wedding cake topping with decor and flowers.
Kitchen  A whimsical artistic toaster has eyes, a mouth, a nose, spoon feet, spoon ears, and a mixing beater tail.
Vehicle A bus is painted half pink and half yellow.
Person A sheep's wool is being shaved off with shears. 
Animal Four people trying to get a black horse into the back of a blue and white truck.
Person A store on the corner with an American flag flying from it's side.
Kitchen A person they sitting down in a chair.
Food A young girl looking at a huge pizza in amazement.
Animal A black and white cat hoarding the channel control on the couch.
Vehicle A train moving along a track during the day.
Furniture A restroom toilet and lid covered in silver glitter.
Person a woman swinging her tennis racket while playing tennis
Appliance Plums and bananas are in a glass bowl. 
Furniture A living room with a couch table and opening to another room.
Electronic a person pointing a wii controller at a computer screen
Accessory Two men walking through a crosswalk at night.
Indoor A bed that is very nice and clean.
Person A shirtless man doing skateboarding tricks near a stream
Sports The men are playing a game of Frisbee on the field. 
Person some people a bench some grass trees and kites
Kitchen A plate full of different types of foods. 
Person A car sitting on a car with a wall in the background.
Electronic A beautiful woman taking a picture with her smart phone.
Animal Two giraffe standing next to each other in a field.
Furniture A den with a couch, ottoman, television and windows.
Outdoor A white car parked on a street in the rain.
Person Two competitors skidding during a dirt bike competition
Indoor A beautiful young woman brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
Animal Four zebra are standing next to each other in a field.
Food A strange plant hanging off a banana tree.
Accessory the person addressing on a microphone and a flag behind 
Person Several surfers paddling on their boards out in the ocean.
Vehicle An inside out umbrella sculpture on a city street.
Food A woman walking while carrying bananas on her hat.
Person An Elvis impersonator riding on top of a statue.
Sports The young man in jeans is throwing a Frisbee.
Sports Man throwing frisbee in a green park with trees
Sports A skiier on a snowy path at sunset.
Kitchen People watching as a woman cuts into a cake.
Accessory A cat standing on a bed and wearing a tie.
Accessory woman talking on cell phone while doing arts and crafts.
Person A class picture of the Goodmayes Boys' School in April of 1929.
Person People flying colorful kites on a deserted beach
Person A person on field with a Frisbee in their hand.
Animal A picture of a horse taken through a circular window
Vehicle A dog is looking out the window of a yellow truck.
Animal A large black bear walking across a wooded field.
Sports A person in a helmet is riding a skateboard.
Person A large blue swimming pool sitting next to a hotel surrounded by palm trees.
Food A display of various hot dogs in serving platters.
Furniture Several pictures of Asian style dishes and in the middle a person is eating.
Vehicle A sleek white, red and blue motorcycle parked opposite of several others.
Outdoor Public clock tells the time on a street corner.
Vehicle An airplane is parked on a lot near hills.
Vehicle Workers in fluorescent yellow jackets standing under a fluorescent orange umbrella.
Person A man eats from a green dish while holding a handheld radio.
Kitchen A man is shaking hands with another man.
Accessory A white and yellow train traveling down a road next to a red motorcycle.
Vehicle A bus parked in front of other buses.
Person A young woman is skiing down the mountain slope. 
Animal an ox standing in a busy town area with people going about their normal business
Kitchen A plate holding a grilled cheese sandwich and bowl of soup.
Person A person on a motorcycle in the dirt doing tricks. 
Sports Several men are playing sports on a field near some trees, wall, bus, and several buildings in the background.
Food A table full of different foods, such as pizza, fries, and a sandwich. 
Furniture Modern bathroom with two sinks a toilet and a shower 
Kitchen A dog in a helmet sitting next to a motorcycle.
Kitchen The strawberries was sitting beside the tall glass of milkshake
Appliance Modern looking bathroom featuring a bathtub, shower, sink and toilet
Furniture A bathroom has a shower and toilet in it.
Animal Two kids play in the fresh produce section of a busy grocery store.
Appliance Person cooking an eggs on a black pot on a stove. 
Person a batter after he has hit a pitched ball before he is going to run
Vehicle A contestant has caught a sheep during a rodeo event.
Person He was holding the baby in his chair at the dining table.
Sports A man flying through the air on top of a skateboard.
Kitchen People holding up for wineglasses to each other. 
Outdoor A line of people are riding bicycles on the street.
Kitchen A couple sits on a couch while playing wii.
Vehicle BRICK PAVED STREET WITH A VERY UNIQUE DESIGN
Person A woman walks down the street with bananas on her hat
Electronic A man at a party talking on a cell phone.
Animal A bird that is sitting on a bird feeder.
Outdoor A chicken standing below a bench at a park.
Food multiple plates of food on a wooden table
Outdoor View of a pond with reflection of the surrounding scenery, with a bench and statue surrounded with flowers and trees,
Indoor The chair, the bed, and the curtain are the same shade of blue.
Indoor A laptop seems to have the infamous "blue screen of death" on the desk. 
Electronic A kid on a bed with dozens of photos on the wall behind him.
Vehicle A traffic light sitting on the side of a road.
Outdoor MAN ON A CONTRAPTION, SURROUNDED BY A BICYCLE AND ANOTHER PERSON
Person A person standing at a table in a room.
Accessory A large room with wooden floors and a bookshelf.
Accessory A boy in a tie holding a small suit case.
Vehicle A bus stopped in front of a building with the Apple logo on it.
Kitchen A table topped with wooden combs and plastic display cases.
Food A man with beard holding up a plate of food.
Accessory A very dimly lit room with a laptop open.
Vehicle Rows of cars parked on the side of a city street going uphill. 
Accessory The man with glasses is holding an umbrella and sitting at a picnic table.
Person Man blows out burning birthday candles which makes the flames higher.
Vehicle A person covered with an orange sleeping bag rests his head on a blue back pack as he sleeps on a park bench. 
Food tied together broccoli inside an aquarium with fish
Food some colorful carrots sitting on a table next to some other veggies
Electronic A woman standing in a  kitchen preparing food.
Furniture A desk with multiple computers inside a office 
Food A boy is sitting and eating a banana while smiling.
Kitchen The table is covered with plates of food and bottles of beer. 
Accessory A clock tower that is sitting in the middle of the street.
Furniture Two brown leather couches in a living room
Accessory THERE IS A GAME A BASKETBALL GAME GOING ON
Sports A group of people standing around each other in skis.
Furniture A very cozy looking living room with an oval table.
Kitchen a kitchen view of a table counter top and cabinets
Person Two people sit facing each other under an umbrella.
Accessory a couple of trains are on the tracks
Person A young man is dressed in a school skirt outfit.
Outdoor There is a truck behind the stop sign. 
Accessory a fire hyrdant sitting on the sidewalk next to the road 
Outdoor A woman carrying a suit case and losing her balance.
Outdoor A traffic light in front of trees with white blossoms.
Indoor a white vase with yellow tulips against a grey background
Sports A person that is surfing in the water.
Person A boy is playing with a kite in a wet land.
Furniture A white toilet sitting up against a wall.
Person a picture of a guy holding an apple
Vehicle An orange fire hydrant with graffiti to look like a face.
Food two people sitting in chairs playing nintendo wii 
Accessory A wig sitting next to a pair of shoes on top of a table.
Animal A bear is coming out of the water and onto the rocks. 
Animal Pair of giraffes walking on grassy area in enclosure.
Animal A cat sits in front of a large television.
Outdoor A large group of people standing in the street.
Furniture A kitchen with a metallic stove top sitting  under a window.
Kitchen this is a kitchen with two stoves and a table
Animal two cows stand next to paved road  in country
Appliance Partial picture of a kitchen and a table and chairs under a lamp.
Person Four men on at a military awards ceremony. 
Furniture A dog is lying next to a laptop computer.
Kitchen A man in black shirt and blue shorts playing tennis.
Accessory A bomb squad truck turning at a crosswalk. 
Person A person riding a motorcycle in an abandoned stone building
Indoor A white tray topped with lots of different coffee cups.
Vehicle A fire hydrant is standing on the sidewalk with two spouts.
Furniture A table with many different objects, including a plate of sandwiches. 
Person The man in a red hat is listening on his cell phone. 
Person A group of people around the table with a juicing contraption.
Furniture a bathroom with a both a toilet and bidet
Furniture some pots and pans a clock a sink  and some cabinets
Food A couple are enjoying pizza and drinks at the restaurant
Vehicle some abandoned chairs sitting by and umbrella by a fence 
Person two women are talking while they cook in a kitchen
Vehicle a close up of some motorcycles parked on a grassy field
Sports A small child on a skateboard photoshopped over a street image.
Animal A man that is riding a horse on a dirt road. 
Accessory A man in formal business attire stands in an office and looks angry.
Person A couple of people are crossing a busy street
Person a public transportation bus with an advertisement on the side 
Outdoor Two old medal benches are put together on a side walk
Kitchen A young girl standing in front of a plate of food.
Animal A dog lying on a couch with blankets and pillows.
Kitchen Women and children are gathered around a blue cake.
Vehicle There are two metal benches on the patio.
Appliance A person fills jars with orange slices from a large bowl.
Person A woman and another woman waiting at a stop.
Sports a couple of people skiing down a snowy slope
Furniture A barber shop with a young child getting a haircut.
Vehicle Three people stand near a street sign and a traffic light.
Electronic A double decker bus that is parked in front of a big building. 
Sports A pair of boys riding boards in the ocean.
Person Two men shaking hands while standing on a tennis court.
Indoor a pair of black scissors and a roll of tape
Person A man with graying hair looks down at a stand full of yellow bananas.
Vehicle There are several boats in the water that you can see from the beach. 
Person A man relaxing at home, watching television with his dog.
Animal a man riding a horse in the middle of the mountain range.
Animal A cat drinking water from a bathroom faucet.
Sports Two people are riding on surfboards in the ocean.
Animal Several white birds standing in a puddle in a parking lot.
Accessory The man is walking with an umbrella near other pedestrians.
Person A young lady swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
Furniture The batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game
Indoor this large building has a tower that has a clock on it
Animal A colorful toucan perched on a branch in some trees.
Kitchen A pizza on a plate on a table with wine.
Kitchen A player attempting to cool off during a tennis match.
Food Several orange wedges sit on a white plate.
Food There is a dog that is seated at the table with a frosted cup cake in front of the dog
Accessory Two people using an interactive gaming system while a person observes them from a couch.
Vehicle Several black bulls are walking down the street.
Person a bunch of people that are skiing on some snow
Outdoor a woman is feeding food to this small child
Person A boy with a fedora on holding a pizza box open.
Food many people standing near a table with cake
Vehicle a man that is sailing on a boat in the water
Animal A pair of zebra's leaning over eating grass in a field.
Indoor A clock tower that is sitting in the middle of the street.
Furniture The tennis player is ready to return the ball.
Outdoor A baseball pitcher who is in mid pitch.
Person A woman lying on her back with knees bent on a beach towel under a multicolored, striped beach umbrella, surrounded by sand, and with clear blue sky above.
Kitchen A kitchen looks very clean with corner cabinets.
Electronic A group of women standing behind a table filled with pizza.
Person A surfer on a white board riding a small wave.
Electronic A boy wearing an orange t-shirt playing a video game while sitting on a couch.
Electronic A group of friends riding a subway while using cell phones.
Sports A man is about to hit a tennis ball with a racquette. 
Vehicle People walk by a boat near a lighted bridge
Indoor A young child with no shirt on, in a bathroom and brushing their teeth with a green colored toothbrush.
Appliance In an unfinished room a counter sits with three chairs while a stove and cabinets sit in the distance.
Kitchen A man wearing a Hawaiian shirt eats a banana instead of pastries.
Indoor a glass vase with some flowers inside of it 
Kitchen Woman with plated food near crowd of people.
Electronic A living room with windows looking out onto a forest.
Vehicle A horse drawn carriage is near a fire hydrant by a curb.
Furniture Public clock tells the time on a street corner.
Person A man in casual wear holding a baseball type bat.
Person Chefs and cooks are preparing meals in a restaurant kichen
Vehicle People stand around an antique motorcycle in a grassy area.
Animal A black cat sits upon a television set.
Furniture A meal of fried food, beans, rice, cream and fruit.
Sports People are having fun on a crowded beach.
Accessory A city street with small carts bing peddled by a men on bikes 
Sports a man wearing a hat does a trick on  a skateboard
Person A man sleeping with a phone on his cheek
Food there are two birds standing on the plate of food
Accessory Two trains are parked on the train tracks
Person A man walking down a street past a double decker bus.
Kitchen Bananas and plums sitting in a bowl on the a table.
Kitchen a person with a shopping cart on a city street 
Accessory Children stand in a street looking at a market stand.
Furniture Panoramic view of a hospital room with medical machines and a woman lying in hospital bed.
Vehicle A pole that has a clock on the top of it.
Accessory An orange and white cat laying on top of a bag of luggage.
Outdoor An icy snow covered road overlooking a body of water.
Vehicle a city bus with some art on the side of the bus 
Accessory A group of men standing on a subway with other people.
Outdoor Two snapshots of a skate boarder doing stunts in an open area
Sports A man with a tennis racket and ball is on a tennis court.
Food A woman seated across the table shows off her bagel with cream cheese.
Outdoor A blue bicycle with a puppy in its basket is parked next to the bleacher steps. 
Indoor A dirty table has incense burners on it.
Animal Sheep graze in a lushly green mountain meadow
Electronic there are many lap tops on top of a small table
Person A woman is steering a boat with a pole.
Furniture A wooden table topped with plates filled with lots of food.
Furniture a bed surrounded with plastic for walls and ceiling 
Kitchen A group of four women stand together in front of pizzas.
Person A man in a suit and tie holding up a hand.
Vehicle A train driving down a track surrounded by trees.
Person Two teams are playing baseball with the umpire touching the catcher.
Animal A man riding on the back of an elephant through a city street.
Food A man and a woman sitting inside eating salad
Animal Tabby cat rests head on magenta pillow and looks at camera.
Appliance A worker passes through a cluttered restaurant kitchen.
Food Troisgros are piled up for sale at a busy market.
Accessory A fairly curmudgeonly looking old gentleman grimaces for the camera. 
Indoor A woman holding up a cake for her birthday
Furniture A train covered in blue paint and graffiti.
Kitchen A fork cutting a piece of cake on a plate
Food A white plate with lots topped with garlic bread.
Food A boy is riding a skateboard past many food carts.
Furniture a man and a woman are holding video game controllers
Outdoor A curse word written on a traffic sign.
Furniture White toilet and sink in white tiled walled bathroom.
Outdoor A parking meter next to a handicap parking space.
Animal Steer in the woods with rope on its face.
Person two people sitting on benches with trees in the background
Vehicle A red fire hydrant with graphic art decal.
Animal Two giraffes and one other animal grazing in a field.
Person there are two pizzaa and two glasses of wine on the table
Furniture There are many people who are gathered at a get together or a party
Sports a man on a blue surfboard on top of some rough water
Electronic A woman takes a picture of the beer on the table
Furniture Large made up bed in modern bedroom, with small desk.
Person Two woman soldiers talking to other women in a kitchen
Outdoor Muddy water is coming out from a water hose.
Person there is a boy playing frisbee in the grass
Vehicle A motorcycle sitting in front of a classic Ford Mustang Car.
Accessory Man with a bicycle walking the pier to a lighthouse
Electronic Two men playing with a video game system.
Food A man is sitting in a hospital room with a piece of pizza on a plate.
Food There are some oranges next to some jars
Kitchen An apartment room with a stove, spices, and bookcase.
Kitchen A large dark colored spoon sitting on a rack
Person A car with a snowboard on it's ski rack parked in a foggy parking lot next to two cars with empty ski racks. 
Furniture The woman is getting ready to cut a piece of the desert.
Animal blue and white bird standing on a branch
Accessory An old man standing on the waters edge with an umbrella. 
Person The boy is trying to hit the baseball during the game. 
Accessory A couple of cars on a city street.
Person The end of a carrot is shown after someone has been eating it.
Animal A cat laying on a white car outside. 
Electronic two males at a table with food and one has a cellphone
Accessory Numerous motor scooters parked by backing in facing the street
Food Someone is cooking vegetarian stir fry in a skillet.
Accessory a small child with an open umbrella on the ground
Vehicle A group of riders on horses in a field.
Person A tennis player swinging a racket at a public tennis match. 
Sports a woman tries to hit a tennis ball in the air 
Food some banana trees bananas dirt and bushes 
Food A hand holding a hot dog on a  bun in a  wrapper.
Indoor A mosaic of vases hung on a wall.
Electronic A desk with a computer, computer keyboard, mug, empty plastic bottle, red pen, and a laptop.
Person A man on a surfboard riding a wave 
Furniture A bento box filled with sushi and vegetables.
Person A baseball game is in progress during the day time.
Electronic The large living room has been decorated in modern furnishings.
Vehicle White and silver Scottish Airways plane on the ground. 
Vehicle A bridge with a clock tower at one side and a ferris wheel at the other side.
Furniture There are a group of people sitting in chairs using electronics
Vehicle The #41 bus parked at the curb waiting for passengers to board
Animal a cat that is standing on a toilet and next to a sink
Electronic a cat sits in front of a remote control 
Person An old passenger trolley is on the street.
Food A broccoli and pasta salad with oil and vinegar dressing.
Sports There is a male tennis player that is going to serve the ball
Furniture An empty toilet stall with two rolls of used toilet paper and one full roll.
Animal A lone giraffe standing next to a wall.
Appliance A table with pies being made and a person standing near a wall with pots and pans hanging on the wall.
Furniture A boy draped in a blanket holds a remote control on a couch
Food A group of people dressed in black preparing food.
Appliance A clear glass bowl with bananas and plums in it. 
Person A hot dog sitting on top of a bun in a wrapper.
Sports A man flying through the air while riding skis.
Appliance A man blowing out candles on a cake
Person A man is standing outside of the water observing the huge flock of birds. 
Person A person sitting next to a laptop in a dark room.
Electronic Diners in a restaurant sit at a long table. 
Appliance A lady is standing in pastel colored bathroom in front of the bathtub and there are christmas lights hanging up outside of the doorway. 
Animal A dog is on the grass playing frisbee.
Vehicle Nice open stretches of land that is alive.
Person A woman in a coat, sitting outside on a toilet.
Outdoor there are many cars that are along this street
Person  A array of food consisting of soup, sandwich and dinner rolls
Electronic a man is doing skateboard tricks off the side of a busy street
Person Baseball player number 22 holding batting gloves and wearing helmet
Kitchen Adult players during match play on blue court.
Food A child taking a bite of a pizza slice on a plate.
Person A man teaching a boy how to ride a skateboard.
Indoor A colourful building has a clock at the top. 
Indoor A statue holding a glass light stands atop an old clock.
Person Two men on opposite teams jumping for a Frisbee.
Person There are a lot of boats on the river
Sports A professional baseball player takes a swing in front of fans in a crowded stadium.
Vehicle A sign that might read parking here where bicycles are parked.
Kitchen A small doughnut inside a cup that's sitting on a table.
Person A very old red truck that is parked on some grass.
Indoor A counter with two plates with sandwiches and eggs on top of them.
Food A room with a bunch of stainless steel items and other accessories.
Indoor A white faced clock with roman numerals surrounded by a painting.
Electronic The woman sits on the curb writing on a notepad near a fire hydrant. 
Vehicle a vety cute furry dog posing near a big sign.
Electronic A laptop computer with power cube sitting on a twin sized bed.
Animal a cat that is sitting on top of a rock wall
Outdoor A person sitting on a bench under an umbrella.
Animal A black cat on a wooden table in front of a laptop. 
Furniture A bed that has an old fashioned wooden frame.
Sports A group of people on a court playing tennis.
Person A group of people in a field smile holding frisbees.
Food An olive and cheese pizza that has been placed on a table.
Person A LITTLE BABY IS LAYING ON THE FLOOR NEXT TO A CELL PHONE
Furniture A table at a bake sale with cakes and cupcakes displayed
Person The man is playing a game of tennis on the court.
Person A guy in a green shirt casually plays the Nintendo Wii.
Sports A young skateboarder talking into a microphone 
Animal  Zebras with feral hogs in a wild habitat.
Indoor A logged on laptop sitting on a table.
Animal A man is plowig a field with two large horses.
Person A group of people riding motorcycles and horses on a race track.
Furniture A Christmas tree with lights and teddy bear
Vehicle A man and his dog in a boat, on the water.
Person A woman lies in a hospitable bed in a panoramic scene of the room.
Person Woman showing off very large home made pizza.
Food An individual is taken in this very picture. 
Person A couple of people skateboarding in a graffiti filled area.
Sports A man is parasailing with a red surfboard.
Person a woman using a white laptop on the bed
Vehicle A crowd of people standing in the middle of a street.
Accessory A small child wearing a tie stands with his luggage.
Sports A boy is skateboarding on a pole at a park.
Electronic A male and a female holding up their cellphones
Vehicle A man operates a laptop at a table in a train station.
Person A man holding a bottle of something to drink
Furniture A large horse standing inside of a wooden pen.
Kitchen An umbrella is opened over a table at an outdoor market. 
Electronic Minority school children gaze down at computers in a row
Sports A young woman on a skateboard in a skate park
Animal some zebras leaning down to eat some grass
Vehicle A woman sitting on a bucket on the side of a street. 
Food A view of a hotdog stand near radio city.
Person A man talking to two people in baseball uniforms.
Vehicle The side of an old building is fenced off.
Sports A woman rides a wave lying down on a surfboard.
Animal A group of giraffes standing in dirt field with trees in background.
Furniture A corned beef sandwich sits on a small plate.
Vehicle A woman stands next to a traffic light.
Sports A baseball game with a batter ready to swing
Person A woman in white shirt and skirt playing a game of tennis.
Appliance A streamlined modern toaster on a kitchen counter top.
Person Two people walking along a side walk next to a train on the tracks.
Person A city bus stopped by the side of the road for passengers
Animal A person in a subway station with a dog in a backpack.
Appliance The kitchen is in the process of being remodeled. 
Kitchen A bunch of oranges are sitting in a clear fruit bowl.
Electronic a desk in a room next to a couple of windows
Appliance Kitchen utensils and appliances have been left unattended
Appliance a cabinet towels a toilet and a sink
Furniture A table with three plates with food and a man and a woman both holding utensil near plates.
Food There are two slices of pizza on a paper plate.
Animal Four zebras on a dirt path looking in different directions.
Accessory A man on a motorcycle is waving at two men.
Sports A man riding a wave back to the shore
Person a person riding skis on a snowy slope
Vehicle A double city bus is pulled up to a bus stop.
Person A desk with a laptop, two monitors, two speakers, a keyboard, a mouse and a cell phone on it. 
Person A girl is sitting on a couch holding a laptop computer.
Furniture A colorful assortment of different fruits and vegetables. 
Animal Several giraffes stand with their necks stretched over a barrier toward a small crowd of people.
Vehicle a row of bicycles for sale in a store
Person A skateboarder's airborne feet and skateboard near a curb
Vehicle Two trains parked on the tracks near a platform.
Person a lady using a knife and fork to cut a pizza
Vehicle A chair and luggage sitting at a railing on the water.
Food The kitchen features an old fashioned center island.
Vehicle a vintage photo of a bike eith a lock on it
Sports A crowd watching a professional baseball game on a sunny day
Furniture A cup sits on the edge of a white tub in a bathroom.
Sports People inside the water at the beach with their surf boards
Vehicle A small train is traveling near a large hills and a small town.
Electronic People are walking by a blue train next to a mountain.
Kitchen A man at home posing with a cake
Vehicle A person on a motorcycle traveling on a street near a group.
Furniture A small uneaten pizza on a plate sits on a table.
Vehicle A black and green train locomotive engine traveling along a railroad track.
Furniture A woman holding a fork and reaching for a slice of pizza.
Appliance A metallic refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.
Animal A black cat in a box wearing a pirate hat.
Animal A couple giraffes staring in the same direction
Indoor A cute girl in pink is playing a video game.
Kitchen the kitchen is white with brown counter tops and a white fridge
Person A boy holding a kite while standing on a sidewalk.
Animal A very large stuffed giraffe posed looking out a window.
Person A blue and white train is moving on the rails. 
Person A person riding a very tall bike in the street.
Sports Baseball players engaged in a baseball game. 
Person A person at a table in a room with some food.
Kitchen Man wearing slacks and tie sitting in chair.
Food Two bowls of oranges are sitting on a metal surface.
Person A man that has ski's and is standing in the snow.
Outdoor A skateboarder with one fut on a skateboard raising it up.
Furniture A person in a bedroom on a laptop.
Person A man gets ready to throw a frisbee in a park.
Furniture a handicap toilet with a foreign language written above it
Indoor This small room is packed with personal memorabilia.
Accessory A blue bus parked in front of a tall building.
Animal A elephant reaching out with some thing with its nose. 
Furniture a wooden table sititng under a big tree
Indoor A woman playing a video game with the Nintendo Wii.
Vehicle A woman with a purple umbrella stands on a brick street.
Food Girl holding up two fingers while sitting in front of plate with pizza slide on it
Furniture A man sitting on top of a bench with a newspaper.
Vehicle A person crossing a street next to a crosswalk.
Person A girl in a pink shirt holding a blue umbrella.
Vehicle A parking lot is on the side of the ocean.
Appliance People watching as a woman cuts into a cake.
Accessory A little girl that is standing with an umbrella.
Person A person watering plants with a computer in the foreground.
Sports The tennis player throws the ball up to serve
Kitchen There is some food in the baking pan on the counter.
Accessory A city view with buildings, bikers and walkers.  
Vehicle People at a veggie and fruit market looking at the merchandise.
Food White pastries sitting on top of a white plate with silverware. 
Appliance A pan is filled with broccoli, peppers, and diced sausage.
Appliance A man takes a photo of his reflection in a public restroom.
Accessory A men in business attire eating a piece of folded over pizza. 
Sports a man that is snowboarding down a snowy hill
Accessory a woman is walking down the street with an umbrella
Kitchen A woman sitting in a room near some computers.
Indoor a microwave sits on top of a counter 
Indoor A black and stainless steel kitchen with a snack bar and bar stools. 
Food A market that has several boxes of fruit in it.
Person A man is surfing on a wave in the ocean.
Person A person on some skis and a dog in the snow.
Vehicle A motorcycle and people looking a travel vehicles.
Accessory A Southwest Airlines jet pulled up to the terminal for loading.
Furniture The breakfast plate has fried eggs and hash browns.
Animal There are two cows in this grassy field.
Accessory Three people at an event of some kind
Accessory The little boy is having fun playing at the computer keybord
Person A professional baseball pitches is taking the mound. 
Animal A giraffe standing in some tall grass outside.
Animal A blue eyed dog panting as he walks by.
Vehicle Horse drawn carriage in wide open field with old fashioned clothing
Furniture A small room with a futon couch, a sewing machine on a table, and a flatscreen TV.
Kitchen A woman wearing shorts bends over a frying pan on a stove.
Animal A baby and a young elephant walk in front of the herd.
Vehicle A large boat is making waves towards the camera.
Person some people are standing around in a room
Vehicle High stone tower with windows in an old village.
Food A can of spam next to sandwiches on a plate
Furniture A woman sitting on the couch with her laptop in the house.
Vehicle Large commercial cargo plane sits on tarmac next to radar equipment.
Food Five people sit in a room filled with bananas.
Indoor A very large teddy bear that is sitting in a chair. 
Furniture Two men standing in a living room playing games.
Electronic A woman takes a self portrait in a mirror
Electronic A man sits on the couch and is on laptop and phone.
Person Two men cooking and packaging food in a kitchen.
Person Young men playing disc golf in treed area of park.
Animal A couple of zebras are grazing in a field
Furniture A red microwave on a tile kitchen counter.
Electronic A man is being handed a birthday cake with lit candles.
Accessory A man and a woman holding up a pizza in a seating area.
Electronic A calculator and cell phone lay on a desk in front of a keyboard
Person a man in the stance to throw a Frisbee 
Indoor The vase is holding an arrangement of dried vines. 
Person People walk down a busy city street, with traffic light.
Appliance A cat stands on top of a blue electric device.
Vehicle People are riding on motorcycles on a scenic road.
Accessory People crossing in a crosswalk in front of traffic in the city.
Animal A dog waits in the basket of the bicycle.
Person a woman running across a tennis court  so she can hit the pall 
Vehicle Traffic is stopped at a red stop light.
Animal A cat looking at a tv monitor on a desk
Vehicle Three men standing around their motorcycles in a parking lot.
Indoor The movie "Walk the Line" is playing on a flatscreen tv.
Sports Two men play around on a nature trail.
Furniture A kitchen with a counter and a table with chairs.
Sports A man wearing sunglasses and a coat catching a frisbee.
Kitchen A dog in a small bathroom with an orange shower curtain.
Electronic A cute girl in pink is playing a video game.
Person A man in the back of a truck cutting fruit.
Accessory A train traveling down train tracks under parking lights.
Person A man standing next to a stage coach bus parked at a bus stop.
Vehicle A blue fire hydrant in a clearing of trees
Person A man and his dog sit at the park.
Person An electronic device is being held as it displays a message and an image.
Accessory A man crossing the street in front of a bus stop.
Furniture A small cat asleep in a pile of stuffed animals.
Person A woman that has fallen asleep next to a man wearing a headset. 
Vehicle A group of people standing inside of a moving tram.
Person A professional baseball player with his glove out.
Food a lady that has a bowl in her hand
Person a man holds a sign advertising a deli 
Furniture a plate of breakfast food sits on a table
Kitchen a group of people sit at a table eating
Food A just married coule feed each other cake while a photographer takes photos.
Outdoor A boy standing by a soccer ball on a field.
Person A tennis player is in an awkward position with racket raised an finger pointed.
Sports A skater losing his balance while squatting on his board
Furniture a nice couple cutting the cake besides many people
Kitchen A woman sitting down with a laptop on a table in front of her
Furniture Two halves of an onion and a carrot positioned to represent either a goofy face or male genetalia.
Kitchen An assortment of meats and cheeses with bread.
Furniture A woman sitting on chair holding an umbrella.
Electronic A young person is playing with a video game controller.
Outdoor Paddle boats parked at the edge of a river or lake 
Indoor three teddy bears giving each other a hug
Person an old photo of a little girl sitting on her dads lap 
Kitchen A couple of people at a table in a kitchen.
Vehicle A yellow train next to a platform with two men wearing orange jackets and another man standing next to them.
Person A table filled with a cake and paper plates with ice cream and cake.
Animal A group of people are standing next to a dog.
Sports a young girl riding on a skate board
Furniture A dog on its bed lay down for some food
Sports The young man is holding a clear Frisbee.
Vehicle There is a long line of wooden chairs and two women sit. 
Accessory a person sitting on a bench near many birds 
Sports A person in the air on a snowboard
Person a man that has a tennis racket in his hand
Sports Two people lying on belly on surfboards close to each other, in large watery expanse.
Person a long road with cars on both sides of it 
Person A man in black wetsuit on white surfboard riding wave.
Person A number of emergency vehicles at the scene of an incident.
Person Horses racing on a dirt track with flowers around the scoreboard.  
Outdoor There is a woman sitting down with a notepad in her hand.
Person A child holds a spoon and looks at a cupcake.
Appliance A stove top and an oven in a kitchen with wooden cabinets.
Furniture A red plate topped with broccoli, meat and veggies.
Food A man who is putting a hot dog in his mouth.
Person The book is about fixing your bike. 
Furniture this is a person sleeping on a bed with a cat
Person A cat peers through a window at a Chinese Buddha figure. 
Sports A young man surfing on a small patch of rough water in the ocean
Animal A lone giraffe standing in a large grassy field
Sports A soccer player prepares to kick a soccer ball.
Animal A duck is floating in the pond next to muddy mounds in the water.
Person A person is holding a doughnut with sprinkles.
Kitchen A very nice looking room with some nice windows.
Furniture A TV sits in a room with many other things. 
Person A man sitting on a bench wearing a yellow jacket.
Outdoor A young boy sits and reads a book on a bench at a quiet park.
Person A row of cars parked next to a large boat
Electronic A keyboard and a computer mouse on a surface.
Kitchen Coffee with a bagel on a table nearby.
Person there is a snowboarder that has fallen n the snow
Sports A man playing tennis who is about to return a serve.
Animal The encompassing of an outside town in the picture.
Vehicle Motorcycles and mopeds line a side street during the day in a city.
Accessory a young boy holding a bat at a baseball game
Kitchen A bowl of Asian Cuisine with beef, noodles and broccoli.
Accessory The wooden patio deck has plenty of seating. 
Vehicle an airplane sitting on the tarmac with clouds above it
Person A man is lacing his boots while several others are ready to ski.
Animal a bus stop map in a city near a water fountain
Sports a man skiing down the mountain slope on skis
Animal A dark colored cat that is looking up at a television that is on and has a program playing on it.
Person A man is playing frisbee with a school child.
Furniture A bed with a yellow blanket and a white pillow.
Accessory A woman stands in a garden holding an umbrella.
Person A guy rides his skate board on the city sidewalks.
Furniture A little, young girl playing the wii in the living room.
Food There are meats and vegetables on a flatbread
Sports A man holding a white frisbee in his right hand.
Vehicle A bicycle leaning against a bench as an airplane flies by.
Furniture The room has red walls with a blue chair
Furniture two ladies riding horses there's a reflection of one of them in a mirror
Appliance An all-white bathroom with a light fixture and small mirror above a sink
Furniture a slice of cake with some syrup next to it 
Vehicle A couple of people standing next to a bike.
Outdoor A girl sitting on a bench in front of a stone wall.
Vehicle this is a little girl standing in an airport
Accessory Woman walking a small white dog behind her. 
Sports A woman with a snowboard with a man standing next to her on a ski slope.
Accessory A group of people walking down a mountain road.
Furniture A bedroom with a laptop, suitcase and backpack on the floor.
Food Some bread, ham, fruit, jam, and a glass of orange juice
Accessory A few kites flying in the blue sky
Furniture The living room is nicely cleaned and organized.
Person A group of people standing outside of a bus.
Kitchen A smiling guy sitting at a table with some food.
Person a man is flipping through a book on a bed
Vehicle A train on the tracks out in the country 
Person a little boy in a blue shirt is playing baseball
Person Large kite flying above a well-attended waterfront event
Sports A small boy trying to fly a small kite
Food The two apples are surround by a bunch of oranges.
Person Subway map art cow sculpture on the sidewalk
Vehicle A plane flying low with an American flag flying in the foreground.
Person There are pasteries with winnies inside of them on display for sale 
Furniture Food set out on an outdoor picnic table.
Animal Two people riding horses on the beach with waves coming in across the rocks on the shoreline.
Sports A kid throwing a Frisbee on a grass field.
Vehicle A train riding on tracks underneath a bridge.
Kitchen Two military personnel cutting and serving cake. 
Furniture Krispy Kreme donuts fill up a long table.
Furniture A couple of people in a room with remotes.
Person A crowd of people stand beside a train
Kitchen A room with a day bed is very cluttered and dusty.
Person A raw piece of broccoli with something growing from it. 
Indoor A clock mounted high up above a jukebox.
Furniture A nicely decorated living room and dining area.
Kitchen People using video game controllers in a living room.
Animal A cat is lying down in a chair.
Accessory Standing suit cases being stored in a room.
Animal A man is playing catch with two children and a dog. 
Person A man with a beard playing a keyboard on stage.
Furniture A cat that is standing on a desk.
Person A couple of people in a room with a remote.
Furniture A man is sitting on a chair with some pizza.
Vehicle A plane floating on top of a lake surrounded by mountains.
Kitchen An airplane flies by a bicycle leaned up against a bench
Vehicle Man at street market with table full of bananas.
Vehicle Colorful kite being flown in a city park land
Person Two skateboarders trying to film a skateboard trick
Accessory Women and children are gathered around a blue cake.
Electronic A man in red shirt looking at cellphone next to white truck.
Furniture Woman with blue dress sitting in modern chair next to vase in empty room.
Person A boy standing in front of his class holding a hot dog in each hand.
Sports A lush green field full of people flying kites.
Person A yellow passenger train pulling up to a station.
Electronic A young boy laying in bed with a pacifier in his mouth
Furniture there are many different types of food gathered on the table
Kitchen A sign with the word pub sits on a wall and underneath it on a table is a blender and three bottles of variety of alcohol and some flavoring.
Sports A teddy bear watching a man with a tennis racket.
Furniture many umbrellas are lined up on the beach at the foot of a city
Furniture two cruise ships docked near a beach resort
Appliance A couple of little girls sitting next to each other in a bathroom.
Animal a few birds eating stuff off the ground
Vehicle A black Honda motorcycle with a dark burgundy seat.
Person a man that is walking down the street with a umbrella
Person A person stands between two dogs on a beach, one of them holding a frisbee.
Vehicle a yellow and blue public bus driving down the road by some flowers
Kitchen A child is amazed by a very large pizza.
Person a man and a woman are playing outside.
Person A bunch of men are running to catch the frisbee that is thrown.
Furniture A man on his phone is on a red bench.
Furniture A toilet and towel rack are in a bathroom.
Vehicle A green bus with a smaller bus sitting on top of it.
Kitchen Several plates holding food, and a serving tray of pizza
Indoor a bath room with a toilet and a bath tub
Person A horse drawn carriage parked on top of a field.
Appliance A flat screen TV sitting in a living room in front of a dining room table.
Indoor Three adults sitting while checking cell phone messages.
Person A woman at a crosswalk that has a green light.
Person Two people ride matching cream-colored horses at a gas station.
Person A dog with a hat and a person in a truck.
Accessory A man wearing a neck tie and a white shirt.
Vehicle A bus is traveling down the city street.
Person A group if children having a snack at their desks while a group of adults in suits visits them. 
Animal a family of elephants standing together in the jungle
Outdoor A stop sign saying whoa instead of stop.
Person A baby holds a toothbrush in its hand.
Indoor A barge floating down a river with the skyline in the background.
Person Three people try to guide a horse into a trailer. 
Animal A zebra chews a flower in a fenced in field.
Person A CROWD OF PEOPLE OUTSIDE STANDING IN FRONT OF A BUILDING 
Food Three tins of brownies with frosting decorations on them
Electronic Laptop computer sitting at a disc with various fuzzy objects.
Person a person attempting a jump with a skateboard
Furniture a shower room with two buckets, tolet paper holder and soap.
Person a man and woman walk down a beach holding a kite
Vehicle A bicycle is mounted on the back of a motorcycle.
Electronic A man sitting at a table using a lap top.
Appliance A skillet contains diced meat and mixed vegetables.
Indoor A building in shadow with a clock tower.
Kitchen A line of neon colored motorcycles parked in front of a bar.
Sports A person that is snowboarding in some snow.
Vehicle a little girl is standing on a runway
Animal rear view mirror reflection showing a dog in the back seat
Sports A young man riding on a surf board on an ocean wave.
Appliance a kitchen with a sink on a counter top 
Food A person waiting for her meal to be served.
Kitchen a close up of a dog near a bowl
Electronic A new nokia phone has the features to muti-task
Animal A man is using two cows to plow a field.
Vehicle a black and white bus some bushes and building
Vehicle A city street lined with very tall buildings.
Outdoor A beige outdoor umbrella is blown upside down.
Vehicle A large of people on motor bikes on a street.
Outdoor A bear that is sitting in front of a door.
Vehicle Women in warm weather clothes with multi-colored parasols.
Food A small uneaten pizza on a plate sits on a table.
Person A room with a movie screen and a lot of graffiti.
Electronic  A cut in half sandwich sitting inside of a microwave.
Animal A store's display window with two adorable Chihuahua dog statues.
Electronic There are a group of people sitting in chairs using electronics
Furniture A couple of photos showing two different rooms.
Food A plate on a table with with different types of food.
Person A clock tower in a central public area.
Indoor Traffic at a street corner with a lamp post clock
Outdoor There is a skateboarder riding his board on the sidewalk
Electronic a lady that has  a wii remote in her hand
Vehicle A person on a court with a tennis racket.
Vehicle A train with bright yellow engine on tracks beside tall leafy trees.
Sports A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
Vehicle A red bus parked on a street with another vehicle parked nearby.
Person a group of young men are riding their motocycles down the street
Person A man prepare food in the small kitchen.
Furniture A table with a laptop a plate with a muffin and a banana, a can and a cellphone.
Indoor A student works on an academic paper at her desk, computer screen glowing in the background.
Indoor A woman and a small child watch a train as it passes.
Person A man is in mid air doing a skateboard trick.
Person Two women playing tennis at a professional court.
Furniture A plate of apples, cucumbers, tuna and peas sitting on a table.
Accessory A side view of a train by the street.
Outdoor An old clock is illuminated at night on a street corner.
Electronic A man holding holding a giant remote control.
Accessory An hand pets a cat in a suitcase.  
Vehicle A car sitting in the middle of the road near a construction vehicle.
Vehicle A couple of horses by a fence on a field.
Electronic Computer equipment displayed on desk in open room.
Furniture A person cutting a pizza next to a salad and bottles of wine on wooden table.
Furniture A bathroom with a toilet, shower and an hanging chain to flush the toilet. 
Indoor a man wearing an orange shirt holding up a tiny kite
Accessory A man walking down the street carrying a suitcase.
Sports A tennis player swinging a racket at a public tennis match. 
Furniture a man is riding a brown horse down a green field
Person A woman leans forward while swinging a tennis racket.
Outdoor a stop sign and a white and green street sign and a tree
Kitchen a man on a motorcycle indoors attempts to lick the windshield 
Food A boy getting ready to blow out candles on a birthday cake.
Animal An elephant is seen head on amongst other elephants.
Person A man and girl playing with an interactive video game system.
Kitchen A chicken Parmesan sandwich with a salad and a glass of water.
Indoor A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen tv.
Food Three men pose and smile at a table.
Person A chubby bearded man holding an orange beverage.
Electronic A woman that is looking at a white remote.
Food The man and woman at the restaurant are holding a full pizza. 
Animal A couple of elephants walking across a lush green field.
Indoor A teddy bear with a hammer next to a peg board toy.
Furniture Some kids standing up playing wii with each other
Furniture a man that is holding a tray of hot dogs
Person a person on skis makes her way through the snow
Person The man in the business suit wears a striped blue and white tie.
Outdoor This is a bike locked to a parking meter.
Kitchen A person holding an object in front of a panda bear.
Animal a table that has some bananas on it
Outdoor Cars, truck and a bus stopped at a red light.
Furniture A tall building with glass and lots of people walking in front of it and there is a green banner that says Spring in the city.
Indoor there is a man that is sitting at a table with lots of food
Animal one person is kite surfing at the beach
Furniture A bathroom with gray painted walls and white tile near the bathtub.
Vehicle Man standing under banner that reads "Run for Rights"
Person The bus is pulling off to the side of the road.
Animal there are two horses standing behind a fence 
Person A desk with a pc, including keyboard and mouse
Person a  runner sliding into base as the ball gets close
Furniture desktop picture with laptop and food container full of food
Person A group of surfers on their boards in the ocean.
Indoor A chrome colored wrist watch laying near other items.
Person a person swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court.
Outdoor A train in its full span gives the illusion of a neverending adventure.
Accessory School class photo from the boys school of Standard South Carolina
Kitchen A full view of a bathroom with sink and toilet in the back. 
Vehicle The white bridge stretches out over the horizon as the transport train travels below it.
Vehicle A tri-motor, vintage airplane on final approach to land.
Food a plate filled with some little tiny cakes 
Electronic a living room with a tray holding a laptop next to a couch 
Person A woman with blue hair standing next to a horse.
Sports two men standing in some sand walking up a hill
Accessory An old train is making its way through the city.
Outdoor A white passenger train passing a parking lot at night.
Appliance A large red fridge is sitting on the red carpet. 
Outdoor A person that is walking on the street.
Person a man on surf board riding a wave over his head
Food this is a meal oina wood picnic table
Accessory A man wearing a blue shirt catching a white frisbee.
Kitchen A bowl of broccoli and apples with a utensil.
Indoor A bathroom with sinks, a brass counter and decorative shower stall.
Kitchen a bright kitchen with tulips on the table and plants by the window 
Electronic A close up of bark on a tree with a young man on a cell phone in the background
Accessory Two woman soldiers talking to other women in a kitchen
Person A woman riding a horse jumps over an obstacle.
Person Street sign displayed on pole at intersection in metropolitan region.
Sports A few tennis players play on an outdoor court.
Person A group of men on two teams are playing Frisbee.
Furniture A cat sleeping on the edge of a laptop computer. 
Sports Three men are skiing down a snow covered hill.
Accessory Two trains parked at a train station as passenger wait to board them.
Animal COWS WALKING ALONG THE BEACH, AND PEOPLE OUT IN THE WATER
Person A group of people sitting around a table. 
Furniture A woman holding a tennis racket in her hand.
Kitchen A man leads on the railing while food sits on the table.
Kitchen A lady is preparing pancakes in a charming white kitchen.
Electronic A trio of men drinking wine at a restaurant table
Person A coin meter that is next to a ladder with balls on it.
Vehicle The streamlined view of railroad cars traveling along the track.
Person A child skateboards down the middle of a street
Appliance A black and white tiled floor in a bathroom
Sports A man doing a skateboard trick on some stairs.
Person A young woman on a tennis court preparing to serve the ball. 
Person Two college age boys playing Wii while others look on 
Food A pizza topped with an assortment of vegetables on a wooden table.
Accessory A man and woman that are standing next to rocks.
Person A row of motorcycles parked next to a building.
Electronic Hand holding an electronic component with a clock on it.
Furniture A bathroom with blue walls and white tiles.
Person A man eating a banana and smiling at the camera
Food A plate of food containing carrots, potatoes and meat.
Food Two plates with hamburgers and chips in each and one can of soda on the side. 
Food A man is taking a picture of some sandwiches.
Vehicle A man looking happily at some dish in front of him.
Food A computer desktop with other office supplies and papers.
Indoor The three teddy bears sit with their arms around each other.
Electronic Many children work on green and white laptop computers.
Indoor The man is holding a bowl over dough on the kitchen counter. 
Kitchen There is a fresh pizza that just came out the oven
Kitchen A white plate of food on a table.
Food A doughnut is at the bottom of a container.  
Food A piece of broccoli on a metal fork.
Furniture A white plate with a sliced up piece of food on top of it.
Food Three women that are standing in front of a table.
Accessory A double city bus is pulled up to a bus stop.
Animal A man relaxing on the couch watching television
Kitchen A pizza has been topped with ham near a large glass of wine.
Animal A polar bear playing in the water with balls.
Person A guy in a wet suite riding a surfboard on a wave.
Outdoor A car is seen through the rain soaked window. 
Appliance A residential bathroom has a modern motel look with upgraded fixtures and accessories.
Vehicle A red and yellow train on a track at a platform.
Person A man holding a baby while standing in front of a mirror.
Sports a man that has a tennis racket in his hand
Electronic A very young boy is using a keyboard on a laptop computer.
Sports Several people on a field reaching for a frisbee
Appliance a massive variety of pots and other objects are displayed along a long kitchen counter with a sink and a clock on the wall.
Kitchen A man and woman making a cut into a cake together
Person a couple of people skiing on a snowy slope of ground
Animal A horse standing on top of a lush green field.
Animal A herd of sheep all gathered near a fence area.
Furniture A bathroom with a toilet and bathtub beside a hallway.
Animal Cat messing around in the white bathtub. 
Outdoor A train traveling through the countryside next to a dirt road.
Kitchen A German Shepherd dog wearing a helmet sitting by a motor cycle.
Sports A shaggy dog is at the beach with a frisbee.
Electronic A hand holds an iPhone displaying various applications. 
Food A plate of assorted donuts, muffins, and danishes.
Animal The tall, skinny birds are standing in the grass. 
Furniture A living room with windows, chairs, table, lamps, and a person sitting in a chair with a walker beside it.
Electronic A counter and some chairs in a small room.
Person A frisbee that is laying in the grass near a tree.
Vehicle a busy street corner with lots of vehicles. 
Person a person with a shopping cart on a city street 
Outdoor A handicapped man in a wheelchair is being helped to hold the bat by another man on a tee ball 
Kitchen A calico cat standing upon a bathroom sink.
Person A person doing skateboard ticks at a skate park
Furniture Small white bathroom with a black-and-white shower curtain. 
Kitchen A couple of sandwich slices with lettuce sitting next to condiments.
Electronic a person operating a laptop on a bench
Kitchen Two birds perched on a table near a plate of food.
Vehicle A stop sign on a broken post across the street from houses.
Person Some cinnamon toast and eggs that are half eaten on a table.
Furniture A group of people sitting around a table have a meal and a drink.
Person An elephant reaching for a ball hanging above it.
Food Bananas being sold and a man looking at them.
Person A mother and child fly a kite in a grassy field, with a tower in the background.
Animal A couple of elephants are walking around in the dirt
Animal Too zebras stand together near a wooded area.
Person A man sleeps on a pillow with a blanket. 
Person A man in wetsuit on surfboard riding a wave.
Sports A dog is on the grass playing frisbee.
Vehicle A cat walks next to a motorcycle on a sidewalk. 
Furniture A small child is smiling and there is some dessert in front of him.
Indoor A room in a home with a chair set up against the wall. 
Sports A girl is sitting on the sidewalk on her skate board.
Outdoor Two skate boarders are performing on a city sidewalk.
Food A baked dish on a plate being touched by a woman.
Sports A man standing on a tennis court holding a racket
Outdoor A bench that is sitting in the dirt.
Indoor Colorful clock tower, mostly red with typical European buildings in background. 
Accessory a bunch of people sitting on a beach 
Person A young man holding a white ball while running through a field.
Vehicle A group of people by a building with a flag at half mast.
Sports A group of men standing and sitting next to each other.
Furniture A young boy is playing Wii on the couch.
Animal The young woman is making a face at the horse.
Person A baseball player preparing to bat during a game.
Appliance Person laying in a hospital bed with lots of equipment.
Vehicle A tall building with glass and lots of people walking in front of it and there is a green banner that says Spring in the city.
Person A couple of men are running around in a field
Appliance The view of a restroom toilet and sink through an open door.
Food A couple is preparing food in their white kitchen
Person The setting sun silhouettes a skateboarder turning at the top of the ramp.
Electronic One cat sitting in front of the television screen.
Person The people in the photo are all reaching your hands up high.
Person A boy doing a stunt on a skateboard 
Person A plate of blueberry coffee cake with butter and an orange slice on a table with breakfast foods.
Electronic A boy and a girl play on the Wii gaming system.
Vehicle Ivy is growing up the walls of a building.
Vehicle a large blue truck is driving down the street
Sports A baseball player swings the bat while the catcher & umpire look on
Indoor A clock with scroll work on the side of a building.
Animal A tabby cat siting on an orange chair
Animal Woman holding a small birthday cake rides a coin-operated children's ride in a convenience store.
Person Person cutting cake at a theme restaurant characters in background.
Animal A group of cows standing next to a  line of laundry drying.
Accessory A group of people stand at the bottom of a snowy hill.
Food there is a birthday cake that looks like a boxing ring
Animal a giraffe is standing in a large field
Person A young man taking a swing at a tennis ball.
Sports A young boy in a baseball uniform getting ready to swing at a pitch.
Indoor The man is holding the child and lighting the candle.
Person A row of wooden raid with various tools on them.
Vehicle there are many different stores along this long hallway
Vehicle a man sitting with headphones on near several birds. 
Sports A group of boats floating on top of a lake next to shore.
Electronic A person is eating food at the table.
Sports A crowd looks on as a young man does a skateboard trick.
Animal the animal is standing next to a fallen tree
Food there is a pineapple besides a plate of oranges and a small bowl
Person a man that is on a skateboard on a rail
Person A little girl with a big, blue umbrella
Person A man who is about to hit  tennis ball with a racket.
Kitchen a recipe consisting of ham broccoli and carrots
Kitchen A contemporary kitchen featuring wood floors and a stainless steel oven.
Sports A person with long hair about to throw a frisbee
Kitchen A woman sitting at a table with a birthday cake in front of her.
Appliance A cat drinking out of the faucet of a sink.
Person A few people are riding a wave on a surfboard.
Accessory A couple of men kicking around a soccer ball.
Person A variety of shops and stores on a busy city street.
Animal A herd of giraffes in a zoo enclosure.
Person Workers are at the stoves in a restaurant.
Person A baseball game with a batter ready to swing
Accessory A little girl walking down a driveway carrying a pink umbrella.
Indoor an old fashion double oven cook stove with a griddle 
Person A man and child pose for a picture together
Person A man in a gray shirt holds his phone as he sits by a man in a white t-shirt.
Outdoor A traffic light sitting next to a street sign.
Person A boy hangs up paper kites on a string. 
Vehicle Public clock tells the time on a street corner.
Animal There are horses standing in the rocks near the water.
Accessory A man with a receding hairline offers a slice of pizza to a toddler.
Furniture A table topped with two wine glasses and a centerpiece.
Kitchen a long brown and white room with a kitchen
Vehicle A view of a city during the nite showing multi-colored lights and people.
Animal Three zebras standing in a sandy desert area.
Kitchen A sink that has a few dishes and cleaning products.
Person a close up of a persons legs sitting on the ground
Person People are walking down the sidewalk in a city. 
Animal A young giraffe tries to stand up straight on it's legs.
Electronic A woman standing in front of a camera in a room filled with a group of people. 
Vehicle People standing around a home built motorcycle used for racing.
Sports A male skater jumps in the air at a skate park.
Person A surfer steadies his move through the waves.
Person A person holding a broken up cell phone.
Electronic A little child sitting in front of a laptop watching whats is on the screen.
Person A woman wearing a towel holding a blow dryer.
Kitchen Basketball players walking on court with coach in wearing dark suit.
Appliance Kitchen view with brick framework around the sink and by the oven
Person Several people standing in a green field together while flying kites.
Indoor A little girl sitting on a bed inside a room.
Vehicle A man on a motorcycle resting on the side of a country road
Person The skate boarder is doing a jumping trick.
Furniture A woman feeds a toddler a hot dog while he holds a purple bottle.
Kitchen a kitchen with a stove a sink and a refrigerator
Vehicle The freight train is painted orange and yellow. 
Person Flat pizza like object sitting on table with a person taking a slice
Vehicle Two large ferries passing by each other in a city scape,
Person a tennis player with a blue shirt playing tennis
Vehicle A man riding a skateboard up a flight of steps.
Furniture a bathtub with several large paintings in it
Indoor a living room witj a couch some chairs and a tv
Electronic Two young men standing around a table in front of a chalk board.
Appliance There is a microwave on the floor that is on display
Furniture A poster of a bald man in a room with a desktop computer.
Person A man is nearly sideways while racing a motorcycle around a track.
Person An old truck in the field with three men
Person Young skateboarder showing off learned skills next to building.
Person Two men smile as they ride horses on the beach.
Accessory Two women and several little girls look at a sheep in an area with hay on the ground.
Outdoor A rainbow at the end of a rain soaked road.
Person a big boat with some luggage inside of it 
Vehicle A man with a red hat is in the city.
Food A man sitting on at table covered with hot dogs fries and drinks.
Indoor Bedroom scene with a bookcase, blue comforter and window.
Appliance A fridge has some eggs and a bottle in it.
Outdoor A double traffic signal shows three green lights.
Vehicle The food cart is right outside the arena,
Kitchen A desktop computer next to a laptop computer.
Vehicle A train track junction with a train on one of the tracks.
Electronic Two monitors and a laptop sit on a desk in front of a empty chair.
Furniture fine china stays on display, not to be touched 
Kitchen a black couch a green chair a red chair a mirror and a ceiling fan
Furniture A woman holding up a large carrot in a backyard.
Animal Brown and black dog sitting on the brown couch by itself. 
Person a woman getting her horse to jump over a couple of poles
Accessory A bird that is sitting on a rock near the water.
Person an image of boy standing on top of  a bench
Food A bunch of happy looking people by a cake.
Animal A group of giraffes wonder around in a fenced off area with other animals. 
Kitchen A couple of women sitting next to each other.
Vehicle A clock on a white building in a city
Person Young women washing motor cycles in the middle of a street.
Food A plate with food on it, a fork and some kind of drink.
Sports a little boy with a baseball bat in hand
Kitchen A group of stuffed bears are arranged in a display.
Appliance The kitchen is lit with overhead lights, shining on the cupboard and sink
Person A person sitting at a wooden table holding an electronic device.
Electronic A smiling woman in uniform on a cell phone.
Vehicle A man is posing for a picture while holding the reigns
Indoor A boy reaching towards his reflection in a mirror like object.
Accessory Many people at a convention inside of a large building 
Vehicle A crowd of bicycle riders are going down the street.
Indoor An old clock hangs on the wall and gives the time.
Vehicle A large body of water with three boats floating on top of it.
Person A man walking while holding a ball in his hand. 
Appliance A shadow looks like a cat in a living room.
Accessory Two men with back packs and walking sticks 
Electronic A woman holding a baby next to a caged bird.
Person a woman in tennis gear holding a tennis racket on a tennis court
Person A brand new motorcycle on display at a show.
Animal A small TV is affixed to the wall with shelves below it.
Accessory A GIRL IS IN A GROCERY CART 
Food A woman feeding a little boy french fries at a restaurant. 
Animal Pit bull playing with soccer ball in the grass.
Person a man that is snowboarding down a snowy hill
Indoor a two burner stove a door a window and a table
Person Ski slopes filled with many people on or holding their skis.
Accessory A man holding a stick standing next to a  green hillside.
Person Old wooden wagon with banana bunches on it
Animal Four tall giraffe are looking up to eat from a feeder.
Person man on surf board riding a wave of green and white
Sports A skate boarding teenagers goes airborne on his skate board.
Food A person that is cooking some food in a kitchen.
Sports People are standing on top of a snowy mountain.
Person people on a gold course enjoy a few games 
Animal A zebra eating some hay at a zoo.
Kitchen Some art work with a man with a hat on and some fruit in a bowl.
Kitchen A large dining room features wooden cabinets and a marble counter top.
Electronic A woman wearing a blue t-shirt while looking at her cell phone and sitting on a bench next to a bright pink wall.
Furniture empty room with the lights on and tv on
Indoor Flowers in a vase sitting on a window seal.
Person Surfer in board shorts walking in to the ocean
Electronic A wii game of baseball outside on bench
Sports A woman standing next to a man kneeling down on the ground.
Animal A cat playing with it's reflection in a mirror.
Accessory A man taking a picture of items for sale through the front window of a store.
Vehicle Two trains sit idle in a train station
Outdoor Two green street lights in front of a building with a lot of windows.
Sports A tennis player holding a racket during a tennis match.
Outdoor A sign announcing the season a people walk on the sidewalk.
Indoor Four children are playing a video game near each other.
Furniture Two plates that have different types of food on it near a bottle.
Sports A group of skiers have left a trail through the snow on the mountain. 
Person A couple of people in a room with remotes.
Furniture A plate with two ham sandwiches garnished with lettuce
Furniture two women are talking while they cook in a kitchen
Person A photo of a group of surfboards under and awning.
Food A group of woman sitting around at a picnic.
Person A girl sits on the bench with one foot up.
Sports Two men with tennis rackets playing doubles tennis.
Food Several different kinds of pizzas displayed on a buffet line.
Kitchen Meat sandwich on a roll with greens on a plate.
Kitchen Six females gathered around a cell phone smiling.
Person A woman in blue jacket holding a black bear cub.
Outdoor A round intersection on a surburban street with one floor homes.
Food a large bowl full of pasta with many other foods
Electronic Large white bathroom showing sink, tub, TV, and countertops.
Animal Three giraffes standing in some tall grass with trees.
Food The woman has a knife and fork for eating the big pizza.
Person A woman wearing a jean skirt standing next to a fire hydrant.
Animal A DOG QUIETLY SLEEPING IN HIS BED ENJOYING THE SUN.
Person An elderly woman sitting on the bench resting.  
Person a woman is sitting on a scooter outside
Indoor fine china stays on display, not to be touched 
Kitchen People eating a meal at a long table covered with umbrellas outside a restaurant 
Furniture Two hot dogs on a white plate with piece of parsley.
Vehicle A skateboarder grinds down a railing in front of buildings.
Accessory A man doing a leap on a skateboard on a city sidewalk.
Person A person riding skis across snow covered ground.
Vehicle This green street name sign says bodacious drive
Furniture A group of walkers are seen while passengers ride in a train.
Vehicle An adult and a child in a green field flying a kite.
Indoor A man putting flowers into a white vase on a grave.
Person Batter punts a ball during a baseball game.
Vehicle A train heads down some tracks near a railroad crossing sign and a dirt road.
Outdoor A bike on lamppost next to a red and white bus.
Furniture A  man guiding a pony with a boy riding on it.
Vehicle Subway map art cow sculpture on the sidewalk
Vehicle A hill of a street at a stoplight with traffic 
Sports A man in shorts and a long sleeve shirt playing tennis.
Person A person on skis standing behind a starting gate.
Indoor Two people play video games while sitting on a couch.
Electronic A room with a bed, a clock, a lamp, a fireplace and a television.
Furniture Furniture is arranged around a house's living room.
Person A young man kneeling while riding a skate board.
Indoor Three people sitting on a wall looking at their cell phones.
Sports a baseball player swinging a baseball bat at a ball
Sports A wheelbarrow sitting in a field next to a surfboard.
Animal A hand holding a water bottle in front of a cat.
Vehicle A man uses a pair of big scissors to cut a pink ribbon.
Electronic A man eating a sandwich off of a white plate.
Person A lone man sliding sideways downhill while on skis.
Food A table topped with apples, oranges and bananas.
Outdoor A yellow and green fire hydrant in a bed of colorful flowers.
Vehicle The last car of a train sits on train tracks.
Furniture A woman sitting at a table in front of a pile of luggage
Person People fill a park area under a cloudy sky while kites pepper the sky.
Appliance A refrigerator freezer next to a  wall.
Animal a happy dog playing with a frisbee by a mossy tree
Person An urban scene of a roadway and skyscrapers at night.
Outdoor A giraffe and a goose stand in a fenced area. 
Animal Two animals playing outside on a tree branch.
Person A man talking on his cell phone with his other hand in his ear.
Person A man feeding a giraffe through a fence.
Kitchen Woman holding a small birthday cake rides a coin-operated children's ride in a convenience store.
Electronic A goat stands on its high legs and leans against a grassy bank.
Vehicle A small child stands in the rain with an umbrella.
Kitchen A dog is laying with its water dish in front of it.
Indoor A computer sits on a desk by a printer.
Vehicle A truck is shown with another car in the back of it.
Vehicle A city bus driving down a street next to a hotel.
Accessory A group of children standing next to each other.
Vehicle The enveloping of an outside town in the picture. 
Person The surfer is getting out of the water because the sun is setting. 
Food a close up of a plate of food 
Vehicle A dog is wearing a helmet and sitting by a motor bike.
Sports A child has a baseball helmet and a bat.
Sports A man riding skis across a snow covered slope.
Person A man working on his laptop in the dark.
Sports an image of a man on skis' doing tricks
Appliance A small kitchen with stainless steel appliances and white cupboards.
Animal a bench with a couple of purple benches
Person A green and white bus on street next to dirt area.
Person Man and woman in the kitchen of a white house.
Furniture Two toilets sit outside a fence on the sidewalk
Kitchen a kitchen with white appliances and brown cupboards 
Appliance a black counter a sink and a table and two chairs
Outdoor A woman with a cane and shopping bag sitting
Furniture A brown dog on a bed sitting under the covers. 
Kitchen A bowl full of fresh green apples are kept.
Indoor A girl talks on her cell phone next to a computer and a microwave.
Indoor An entrance to a galeria of some kind 
Appliance A dirty bathroom that has broken wood and pipes.
Person a girl holds a baby eating a bagel with a boy standing next to them
Outdoor Two athletes are competing on a playing field.
Sports a group of young people playing baseball in a field
Furniture some ball players are looking home plate and talking
Animal A dog wearing a red tie and standing on a pair of stairs
Kitchen An office cubicle with multiple computers in it
Indoor A kitchen table and chairs with greenery and tulips.
Accessory a couple sitting on a bench with a little girl
Sports Large crowd gathered to watch decorative a fleet of decorative kites.
Electronic Room in residence with art work and electronic equipment.
Person The action in a competitive professional basketball game.
Person A little boy is swinging a baseball bat at a ball.
Vehicle Tug boats do a good job handling water emergencies.
Vehicle A man getting water from a fire hydrant on a sidewalk.
Electronic A cyclist pauses near the water to observe a canoe.
Person A man in his apartment bedroom answering his cell phone.
Food Green salad with broccoli and peas with fork and bowl
Animal Several people standing around and a black dog with a collar walking around.
Vehicle A group of people is standing outside of a tram.
Furniture A bathroom stall that is open and exposing a toilet.
Person an airplane parked in the dark on a runway
Vehicle A large set of horses carrying a carriage down a street.
Animal A young person on a horse makes a jump.
Accessory a wagon that is being pulled by some horse
Furniture A computer laptop is placed on a bed.
Furniture A young man with long hair taking a bite out of a full loaf of bread.
Sports a man that is on a skateboard on a rail
Person A woman holding a tennis racquet on a  tennis court.
Person A woman smiling and looking at a delicious looking pizza
Electronic A woman is bent over next to a small refrigerator.
Person A beach area that has people on the sand and one person flying a kite overhead.
Food Nicely decorated three tier wedding cake with topper.
Outdoor A train is near an empty outdoor station.
Person A young woman playing tennis in a tournament.
Kitchen A fancy mirror and vanity counter top enhance this bathroom.
Person There is a man skateboard on the side of a wall.
Accessory A group of people who are pushing a school bus.
Furniture The man is standing in front of a television playing a game 
Animal Two giraffes look over a railing blockade. 
Person Man in dress shirt and orange tie standing inside a building. 
Vehicle A Calico cat laying on the hood of a Mercedes.
Vehicle Two people riding a small boat across a massive lake surrounded by mountains.
Accessory A man with a suit and tie and a fedora on.
Animal an elephant behind a fence near some water 
Vehicle A view of a street with some trees around it.
Outdoor A group of men riding on the back of motorcycles.
Person A boy and a man playing with kites on the beach.
Person The little girl is intently playing the video game.
Vehicle A woman past two men in front of the MGM Grand.
Furniture A dog is sitting in a chair at a table.
Animal A big dog next to a person's leg.
Animal A small dog on a harness laying on top of a sandy beach.
Sports A man kneels on the beach preparing a kite.
Indoor A cute little teddy bear on a mantle near a vintage photo.
Electronic a guy playing wii in a blurry photo
Food A slice of brown cake possibly a carrot cake next to a slice of grapefruit.
Animal A cat looking like it is using a laptop 
Electronic A woman checking her cell phone with a hello kitty case.
Furniture a red and black bird perched on a rail 
Person a huge suitcase with a bunch of stickers on it
Accessory A woman dressed as a zombie in a pink dress with a little girl.
Food A group of women standing next to a cake.
Kitchen a street sign on a metal pole next to a street.
Person A person on a skateboard and bike at a skate park.
Kitchen A bed flanked on both sides by two room lights and desks.
Person A Frisbee player is about to catch a thrown Frisbee.
Person Two boys skateboarding on a ramp at a skate park.
Accessory Skier in mid air following loss of balance on mountaintop.
Animal An elephant in the back of a truck trailer.
Vehicle two people standing near a motorcycle on the grass
Furniture A group of people walking down a wet rain soaked sidewalk.
Animal a beige cat looking into a big mirror 
Kitchen A bathroom with white spots on the wall.
Animal A grass area with fallen tree logs and a black bear sitting down in the middle of the grass and wild turkey's around it.
Appliance A modern bathroom with a large bathtub and walk in shower.
Indoor A peson talks on a phone while playing on a computer
Accessory a large bag that is sitting on awood floor
Person Two men using nintendo wii remotes to play a game 
Person Person is riding a surfboard in the ocean.
Outdoor View of high rises on a city street.
Vehicle Black and white photo of an old dock with low water.
Outdoor A ferry in a port with mountains in the background.
Indoor Part of a computer screen in front of a laptop.
Electronic There is a woman sitting down with a notepad in her hand.
Electronic A woman and a man sitting on a couch next to each other.
Kitchen A man smiling while standing in front of a woman with a piece of cake. 
Kitchen The cramped interior of a passenger ship's kitchen.
Kitchen a close up of two pots of food on a stove
Vehicle A highway at dusk with cars traveling between cities.
Furniture There is a woman cutting into a cake.
Furniture Two slices of chicken pizza on a plate.
Furniture A bathroom with blue tile outline around the floor
Vehicle This is an image of an outside district.
Food a little kid eating a big slice of pizza at a table 
Appliance A man holding a camera reflected in a bathroom mirror that sits above a sink and next to a door.
Person A man and women in the river washing and eating.
Electronic a group of children gathered around an adult in a military uniform showing them a cell phone.
Kitchen A person with a towel over them blow drying their hair
Vehicle The school bus is reflected in the rear view mirror.
Furniture Man in shirt and tie leaning back in chain in office.
Kitchen Two young men standing around a table in front of a chalk board.
Accessory A horse is pulling something down a residential street.
Person A small black dog standing behind a crowd of people.
Animal Several people standing out at a watery ledge with horses.
Vehicle A lone bicycle parked in a parking lot with cars parked on a street.
Accessory a big long train that has some storage containers on it
Outdoor There is a park bench located near a bridge. 
Appliance a cat drinking water from a sink bowl
Furniture A home office desk with a desktop computer, large flat screen monitor, and laptop computer on it.
Electronic A man holding a silver flip phone open in front of his face.
Appliance A pizza sitting on top of a plate next to a foil bag of food.
Kitchen Plate of food that includes chicken, beans and a pickle.
Outdoor A stop sign and lighted lamp post along a street at dusk.
Electronic A man swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
Person A city street lined with very tall buildings.
Kitchen A small bunny character is on a plate of pizza.
Person A young child brushes their teeth with a blue toothbrush.
Person A group of people standing outside of a double decker bus.
Person a bus stops to pick up some passengers
Outdoor a wood bench and post light on a sidewalk
Indoor A teddy bear and a stuffed fish set next to each other.
Person there is a bus coming up the street next to a car
Sports A chair is fashioned from baseball bats and two cushions.
Indoor A large clock tower with a gargoyle atop sits in front of a clear blue sky.
Person Color corrected photograph of a person carrying a red, white and blue umbrella.
Accessory Advertising sign above a patio umbrella on sunny day.
Furniture A parking meter decorated with different colors of paper. 
Food Closeup still life of oranges in wavy bowl
Appliance The girl is sitting inside the broken fridge on the side of the road. 
Indoor Living room with a black couch, coffee table and bookcase visible.
Kitchen a desk with a laptop and a desktop computer 
Accessory A group of women standing around a cake cutting slices.
Furniture A small bathroom with old toilet and tub
Vehicle A plane flies by next to some power lines 
Kitchen A spoon sits in a bowl of soup
Person A young boy in his pajamas is playing a video game.
Furniture A bathroom with a sink, mirror, and toilet with handicap rail.
Furniture A woman sitting down holding a spoon and in her hand and eating.
Person A lot if people are in the conference too
Person The baseball team getting ready to walk off the field.
Outdoor A person reading a paper on a park bench
Person A white bus driving down a street next to a building.
Electronic there is a male bartender that is pouring a glass of whine
Food A store window with a tray of grass and vegetables
Sports People flying kites over a lake in a park 
Person a man with an orange backpack standing on a bus
Electronic A remote control storage pouch attached to a couch. 
Furniture a living room that has some couches and tables in it
Sports A young man standing below a shelf full of odds and ends.
Electronic a computer monitor, keyboard and laptop on a desk
Sports A man on a skateboard doing a trick.
Person A man kicking a soccer ball during a soccer game.
Person A husky stands by as a skier stands there.
Sports A person skiing down a slope next to snow covered trees.
Food A sandwich with some strawberry yogurt and orange juice. 
Animal a cow stares as it stands next to a body of water 
Person A woman on the grass is playing frisbee.
Person A shopping center sign right by a road and a big red building.
Appliance A rundown bathroom is being stripped and remodeled.
Kitchen Plates loaded with thanksgiving dinner and dessert with two glasses. 
Accessory Man sitting at a picnic table using a laptop shaded by an umbrella.
Furniture Street cleaners are taking a rest from work.
Outdoor A dog is herding sheep in a field.
Outdoor Patchy lawn, a road sign and a fire hydrant
Person A dog with a green hat sitting in a truck.
Accessory A man and woman are holding up a pizza.
Furniture A dog eating cookies from a plate on the floor laying on a dog bed.
Furniture A cat leans over a desk and paws at an army knife. 
Food A pasta dish with mushrooms and broccoli in a cream sauce
Furniture A kitchen with an oven with a green rag and an orange rag.
Sports a person swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court.
Person Man cradling dog dressed in uniform with it's head resting on his shoulder.
Accessory A metal bucket with a bottle of booze sticking out of it.
Sports A man and a dog riding a surf board in the water .
Kitchen A hot dog is on a plate with macaroni and cheese.
Indoor A giraffe eating out of the hands of a man through fence.
Animal Elephant displayed in window of city building near roadway.
Accessory Two trains parked on the tracks near a platform.
Person A woman is holding a baby with another young boy beside her.
Person A woman on a boogie board riding a wave.
Person A woman flies a kite near a young child.
Vehicle This black and white photo shows many motorcycles parked next to each other
Vehicle Two people riding a motorcycle to the beach.
Person A young boy cutting a skate board shaped cake.
Furniture A table topped with bags of luggage and purses.
Vehicle A wooden table with an inverted umbrella on it.
Vehicle Red double decker bus with people standing on top.
Vehicle An urban intersection with stoplights on a cloudy day.
Accessory three people riding on the backs of elephants 
Accessory Person in red peacoat and hat riding a horse.
Vehicle a bus moving down the road with people inside
Person A male tennis player jumping in the air while swinging his tennis racket, on a hard surface court, with a scoreboard behind him.
Person The man found the frisbee by the parked cars.
Animal The man with the black sweatshirt carries a wooly sheep.
Food A kitchen that has a large fridge and other appliances.
Person a skier skiing past a red sign on a snowy mountain
Accessory A black and white image of a formal occasion. 
Vehicle A passenger bus drives through a street at night. 
Indoor a building with a clock coming out of it 
Person A group of people who are standing outside by a plane and a car.
Kitchen A person showing a baby panda bear its bottle.
Furniture Fire hydrant location in the middle of a flower field
Food A man in front of a vendor on a skateboard.
Accessory A few people flying homemade kites in the center of some buildings.
Accessory A red head girl holding a piece of cake
Person Buildings on both sides next to a street.
Accessory female soldiers helping out citizens in the kitchen
Person There are two men playing frisbee on a field 
Person THERE IS A RED TRUCK THAT IS ON THE STREET 
Outdoor An elephant statue standing on top of a lush green park.
Person A city bus that is traveling down a wet country road. 
Kitchen A pepperoni pizza sitting on top of a white plate.
Indoor This man is showing off the kite he made for his wife
Furniture A cat is sleeping in a chair with its leg curled around its head. 
Person a male in a white shirt is sitting on a bench and a building
Electronic A purple chair is next to a desk with a computer and a laptop.
Accessory A man flying a kite with two strings on a beach.
Food Four bananas in a bunch with brown dots
Animal A baby elephant walking through a shallow pool of flowing water
Person A young man riding a skateboard on a stone wall.
Appliance A cat in a white sink looking out.
Vehicle A locomotive hauling a colorful train of boxcars. 
Furniture a man and woman on a patio riding a statue
Furniture A woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller near a man.
Accessory A person does a trick on a skate board by a beach.
Vehicle a young man doing a jump with his skateboard in a skate park
Furniture Several different types of foods on various plates on a table.
Furniture Four pans of pizza set on a long table.
Person A couple of men as one points to the right next to a bicycle.
Electronic An airport with a woman carrying a piece of luggage.
Person THERE IS A MAN WALKING IN THE AIRPORT
Person A chili dog on a homemade bun is worth the wait.
Sports A tall man is on snow skis on a pathway.
Animal Two horses plowing the land as a man directs them
Person a truck with an open door and two people sitting on top
Furniture Dude ecstatic sitting by himself at a table full of food.
Kitchen The bathroom has a wall sink, medicine cabinet, toothbrush holder, and bare walls.
Furniture A man with glasses on playing wii with a wii remote in his hand.
Indoor A man laying on his bed looking at a phone and brushing his teeth
Kitchen a close up of many drinks in a fridge 
Electronic a man that is holding some kind of radio 
Person A bowl full of marshmallows, chocolate, and other delicious treats.
Electronic The blonde woman in the red checked shirt is learning to use Wii Fit.
Person a woman standing near a gate made of rock with her black cat 
Person A photo of a woman that she took of herself.
Sports Pitcher in a baseball game tries to out a player attempting to steal base.
Person Several people are grouped together in a public area.
Person Five boats sitting on the beach by the ocean.
Accessory Man with beard folding arms with tie over shoulder.
Person An old cellphone that doesn't flip or have a touch screen. 
Person This person is riding a big wave on the water.
Vehicle A blue motorcycle parked on display  next to other vehicles.
Person a woman is giving a baby a bottle while others are congregated in the kitchen
Indoor A man is bent over opening an oven.
Food Two plates of assorted food and two beverages are shown on a table.
Electronic A young girl sits in the bottom bunk of her bunkbed.
Furniture A woman sitting at a table in front of her pizza. 
Furniture A bathroom with a toilet, toilet roll and safety rail.
Vehicle A motorcycle is sitting on the side of the road next to a sign. 
Person A man opens a fire hydrant and brown colored water is flowing out.
Appliance A dirty bathroom with two toilets and a sink. 
Sports The sun setting on the beach, and surfers walking the wet beach.
Kitchen A housewife holds a platter of food in the kitchen.
Food A group of stuffed bears that are sitting on fake grass.
Animal Baby zebra sucking milk from its mothers teat. 
Appliance A cute cat laying down in a sink.
Food A piece of cake with butter on it sits next to an orange slice. 
Accessory The Pleasant Lane street corner and a woman carrying bags
Accessory A fish eye view of a bus rounding a curve on a city street.
Accessory There are a group of people sitting in chairs using electronics
Person a person in a colorful outfit jumping with some skiis 
Food A man and young girl sit behind a display of fruits.
Sports A man holds strings connected to a large parachute or kite on the beach.
Accessory A man holding a paper plate while eating food
Person Two men sitting on the street in front of a building.
Vehicle Woman in wet suit considers waves near forested coastline.
Furniture The blue plate is full of fried sea food.
Furniture there are two motorcycles that are parked behind seats
Person A statue of a large brown bear tearing off a cars door.
Accessory People at a veggie and fruit market looking at the merchandise.
Person a surfing instructor teaches students with surfboards on a beach in front of large hotel buildings.
Vehicle An intersection with traffic and street signs on it. 
Furniture some people sitting behind a line of motorcycles 
Person Female tennis player in full run on a blue court to complete a backhand return.
Kitchen Young women having a cigarette in their back yard
Person Four older men sitting on a wooden bench.
Animal Two young elephants graze on a grassy field.
Sports A baseball catcher stands ready to catch a ball.
Furniture A room with furniture and a fire place.
Animal A large elephant standing next to a small elephant playing in the water.
Accessory Two pictures of a fire hydrant with two pictures of people.
Furniture a man that is sitting down cutting a cake
Food A plate of pizza with vegetables on it and another pizza next to it.
Person A person is holding up a half eaten pastry.
Kitchen Man with food items walking on sidewalk while listening to audio.
Furniture A small child lounges with a remote in his hand.
Furniture A lot of people sitting around a table full of food.
Animal A cat looking in a door from the outside 
Electronic A yummy looking sandwich with a salad and a drink.
Accessory A group of men standing next to each other.
Kitchen A kitchen with a bright window and house plants
Outdoor A city street has diners eating on outside tables.
Accessory Three young women smile brightly together under a large umbrella.
Electronic A group of lego figures standing on a and near a laptop.
Person A person playing with a kite near the beach
Sports A young woman is swinging at an object indoors.
Animal A giraffe eats leaves through a wire fence.
Person A pair of smiling young people play a Wii game.
Food A raw pizza with red peppers and cheese is on the counter.
Kitchen Bananas, marshmellows, chocolate chips and sprinkles in a bowl
Indoor A little girl standing next to a teddy bear using a toilet.
Vehicle A motorcycle is parked inside of a building.
Person A person with a laptop sitting in front of a window.
Accessory A dog wears a tie while on the steps
Indoor A young woman with bruised face and bloody now holding a stuffed animal mouse in her arms.
Furniture A pie of carrots and a knife on a cutting board. 
Accessory Woman walking next to commuter bus with umbrella on rainy day.
Vehicle A young man walking across a street at a crosswalk.
Vehicle A dog sitting in the front seat of a truck.
Person A woman holding a small item in a field.
Electronic Three students check their cell phones in a classroom.
Accessory a close up of a person wearing a suit and tie
Outdoor A man riding a skateboard up a wooden ramp.
Kitchen A man playing a game with a remote controller.
Person A man in a defensive stance holding a racquet.
Person people riding on the backs of some elephants 
Person A worm sits on top of a piece of broccoli.
Kitchen Woman showing off very large home made pizza.
Sports Looking down at the spectators and players during a basketball game
Kitchen Woman skier taking a break and enjoying a snack
Furniture this is an image of a plate of pizza with a toy bunny.
Furniture Cat perched on the sofa looking out of the window
Indoor a person standing next to a metal pot holder in a kitchen 
Furniture a group of people sit at a table eating
Person A man without a shirt sitting in front of a fan.
Sports Lady standing on the tennis court posing with the racquet
Vehicle A man sitting on a bench in a park.
Furniture A vehicle and a motor bike on the beach.
Person a guy with a racket  playing tennis on the court 
Animal A dog uses its mouth to grab toilet paper off of the roll.
Person A skater rides along a steep red wall.
Sports Woman surfing small wave using a body board.
Person there is a stop sign along this street 
Kitchen A woman with an umbrella on the street.
Vehicle A "I Love Tottenham" sign on a black post
Vehicle A counter topped with a large white frosted cake sitting next to small pastry.
Accessory a smiling man wearing a suit and tie in front of a colorful wall
Animal The zebra is standing in the field with another zebra laying down in the background. 
Electronic A table with a bag of beans and donuts box on it. 
Food Small pieces of cake have been arranged on a plate
Outdoor A couple of people standing next to a large bus.
Animal a single giraffe standing in the middle of a field 
Food A plate that has some broccoli on it.
Person A man baking and preparing donuts to sell at shop.
Kitchen a couple of women sitting outside in a court yard 
Person The person has a bag and some magazines laying on the table.
Person Group of people riding on seats on top of elephants.
Outdoor An open book store on a street corner.
Furniture Large group of little kids and adults sitting and surrounding a long table with blue plates.
Furniture THERE ARE DIFFRENT TROPHIES ON DISPLAY ON THE WALL 
Indoor A black sculpture of a torso is on the floor next to a TV.
Person An image of a very cute girl with face piercings.
Outdoor A graffiti-ridden building in an urban setting, a fire hydrant at curbside.
Vehicle Multiple planes hanging on top of a ceiling. 
Accessory A man in an office, wearing a shirt and tie, smiles at the camera.
Furniture This is three professional athletes from a long time ago.
Vehicle Two people under an umbrella standing in the rain. 
Animal The mountain goats are eating the grass on the slope.
Furniture A kitchen interior with olive green wooden cabinets
Animal A horse and horserace holing a person on a cart.
Outdoor a fire hydrgon that a man is grabing
Vehicle A couple of guys are playing ball on a side walk.
Indoor A statue of a woman holding a ball stands in front of the old church.
Furniture Two women are selling cakes and other items inside of an outdoor stand.
Vehicle A sign that is sitting on a wooden pole.
Accessory A man is laying down in a pavement balancing a ball on his foot while others watch.
Vehicle There is no image to be reviewed on this hit.
Vehicle A boy on a bike watches a boy on a skateboard go over a ramp.
Kitchen Three people at a desk are looking at their phones. 
Appliance A large silver refrigerator with two doors and an ice dispenser.
Vehicle some buildings some trees people and cars and signs
Electronic A black and orange cat sitting on a wooden counter top.
Electronic Two small children holding remote controls while sitting on a floor.
Person A guy is doing snow boarding tricks in the snow while people are watching him on the sidelines.
Person a green orange and silver train and some cars
Accessory A woman and her child sitting nest to a man on a park bench.
Food An orange grows from a branch with leaves. 
Vehicle The people are sitting outside under a large umbrella.
Kitchen THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A LIVING ROOM WITH A WINDOW VIEW
Person A person kite boarding in rough seas near the shoreline.
Animal Giraffes love the tender, young leaves on trees.
Outdoor A large bus driving down a city street.
Indoor A  girl reading a book on a bed next to a man.
Animal There is a bird standing in the sand.
Person A smiling man is behind the counter at a restaurant. 
Person there is a male tennis player that is at base
Kitchen a coupe of people are standing around a small table
Furniture A couple of guys that were eating and are now on their cell phones.
Furniture A dog sitting in a pile of bedding and other stuff.
Sports Man and women gather around to play a video game.
Electronic A man with glasses is holding up an iPhone. 
Accessory A group of people that are riding bikes.
Kitchen part of a sandwich sitting on a table
Person Person prepares surfboard while dog stands on it with face in person's
Furniture A bathroom with ski equipment laid out on the floor.
Furniture A DOG QUIETLY SLEEPING IN HIS BED ENJOYING THE SUN.
Accessory a man in a blue shirt and red tie
Person A woman holding a tennis racquet while wearing glasses.
Indoor A black and white cat sitting on top of a chair.
Accessory Two people sit facing each other under an umbrella.
Vehicle A person holding a huge teddy bear while riding a bike in the street.
Appliance A man in blue shirt taking a picture in bathroom mirror.
Accessory A ship in the sea on which a chair and carry bags are kept.
Furniture Plates that have a burger, french fries, and condiments on them.
Accessory A little girl is standing between several orange cones.
Person A group of women running after a soccer ball
Person a young man on a surfboard, surfing a wave
Person a woman is wearing a pink and black jacket is sking
Animal Four zebras stand together in the mud against a wall.
Vehicle A group of men stand next to their bicycles.
Animal A large lizard sitting on stone steps with three birds.
Sports A man flying through the air on top of a wooden ramp.
Person A woman standing in a kitchen by a window
Person Two motorcycles going through the tunnel at night.
Animal A little girl wearing a black hat can be seen on a saddle riding.
Accessory Woman and adoring dog under an umbrella in the sun.
Animal A mirror shot of a dog sitting in a car.
Sports a group of people throwing around a freez be
Person Woman snow boarding off of a cliff in the air.
Animal A sheep is standing on top of a large rock.
Sports Adult showing little kid how to fly the kite
Sports A group pauses to mingle and relax while skiing.
Animal Man starting to climb steps with dog's head sticking out of backpack.
Vehicle Two people sitting on a motorcycle in the street next to a beach.
Sports a man on a skateboard performing a trick at a skate park
Person Man dressed in leopard robe next to a bed.
Person the signs states all directions and points up
Furniture a plate with toast, eggs, corn and some meat next to some coffee
Animal A small cat sitting in the top of a banana tree.
Electronic A living room that is filled with furniture.
Furniture A young boy laying in bed holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
Vehicle A large clock tower towering over a city glowing brightly at night.
Person A car driving down a street at night.
Animal The old, adult elephant stands near a wire fence.
Sports A person leaning hard into a turn on a downhill ski course.
Animal People sunbathing near a beach under colorful umbrellas
Outdoor A man is hitting a baseball with a baseball bat.
Indoor A library bus outside of an apartment building
Furniture A BOX OF DOUGHNUTS JUST SHORT OF A DOZEN
Vehicle A blue train traveling past a train station next to a lush green mountain.
Sports A tennis player is getting ready to hit a ball.
Furniture A man and a woman holding up a pizza in a seating area.
Vehicle A young boy in a baseball uniform holding a bat over his shoulder.
Accessory The man is sitting by the water feeding the birds.
Accessory A man sitting at a bar being served by a woman
Vehicle Two motorcycle riders are on a dirt path
Kitchen The food is prepared on the dish on the table. 
Sports People on a beach with a colored windsock and American flag colored windsocks.
Electronic A cow sculpture with a TV sticking out of it's center.
Vehicle Two large airplanes flying through a blue sky.
Electronic A tall monitor is near a keyboard and a mouse.
Sports Baseball players slide, and jump near a base.
Outdoor cars parked on the side of the road while people eat at tables outside
Furniture A tray is full of breakfast foods and drinks on a bed.
Furniture three guys sitting at a table with two pizzas
Furniture A hotel room bed with white linens, and a white desk beside it.
Kitchen A half eaten plate of food sits on the table.  
Indoor A fireplace and dining table in a dining room.
Vehicle A Plane on runway taking off above ground.
Sports a person holding skis on a snowy surface 
Food A variety of beer sitting behind some bananas.
Furniture A young dog relaxing with his or her human at the end of the day
Person The action in an organized youth baseball game.
Furniture Bed covered in mosquito netting in a bedroom with windows on three walls.
Accessory a person walking pulling a bike next to him
Furniture A laptop and planner sitting on a cluttered desk.
Outdoor The very pretty sun shining through some big buildings.
Person The horse and rider are jumping over the yellow structure. 
Vehicle A man doing a leap on a skateboard on a city sidewalk.
Person A man riding on the back of an elephant along a dirt road.
Sports A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
Accessory Many people are waiting for a bus at the bus terminal.
Sports two brown dogs walking in the field with their mouth open
Electronic A table topped with a laptop computer next to a plate of food.
Electronic A beautiful bathroom and a guy is in bathroom.
Accessory Two men are on a bicycle and a third is on a scooter.
Vehicle A view of a parking lot with parking meters.
Kitchen A man holding up what appears to be a chocolate desert.
Indoor A person that is eating some food sitting down.
Person An office cubicle with multiple computers in it
Indoor Two orange roses in a small vase with water. 
Food A tray of various foods next to drinks on a table.
Vehicle A road signage giving directions on a road covered with snow
Vehicle A bird is perched on the back of a chair.
Person A person on skis flies through the air on a rope.
Kitchen Banana with peanuts butter and crackers on a plate. 
Sports A man is enjoying his day of skiing, trying to stay up float. 
Food A barefoot woman eating food outside from a plate on her lap.
Kitchen A plate on a wooden table topped with lots of food.
Person people in an air port waiting area 
Outdoor A bus driving in a city area with traffic signs.
Sports A group of dogs that are standing in the grass.
Person A young boy gets ready to fly a kite.
Sports A man riding a kiteboard over the ocean under a gray sky.
Sports a male tennis player in a white shirt is holding his racket
Food Bunch of bananas hanging in an open air market stall. 
Furniture a split photo of a person standing on a street corner 
Sports A man in shallow water bending over to pick up a frisbee.
Person A couple of men reaching up towards a blue kite.
Appliance a bathroom with a tub and a shower curtain 
Animal Two women play Wii in a room with a white sofa.
Food A kitchen with a cat walking past a refrigerator freezer.
Accessory Two tug boats tied up to the dock.
Person The man in the park is flying his kite. 
Person It's important to protect a baby from the sun.
Sports A small boy sits on the ground playing with a baseball at a baseball field
Person A black and white photo of a child on a skateboard
Animal A cat lying on a suit case and looking alertly.
Person Two young boys playing t-ball at ball park
Person A group of four elders sit on a park bench in front of the ocean.
Electronic two people are playing a baseball video game
Furniture A green chair is sitting behind a green bench.
Person An older man catching a fast moving tennis ball.
Vehicle a woman sits behind a case of pastries 
Electronic A desk area with several computer screens and coffee mugs.
Accessory The person holds a plate with two red apples near pedestrians holding umbrellas. 
Person Two women standing next to each other with one holding video game controllers.
Vehicle a tub boat pulling a small barge through the water
Person Men keep watch on a herd of goats.
Vehicle a fire truck parked in a lot 
Outdoor A rusted up park bench sitting in the middle of a park.
Furniture A living area with a television and a table
Food A large combination pizza with two pieces gone.
Indoor A family kitchen cluttered with items on the counters
Kitchen A woman holding up a cake for her birthday
Furniture there are two plates of food and a beer in the middle of the table
Vehicle A woman wearing a dress is riding a bike.
Accessory A couple equipped with umbrella hats taking a break from walking their dog on a bridge on a rainy day.
Appliance A man who is cutting something in a kitchen.
Accessory there are many bike riders racing in a street race
Indoor A crowd of people sitting in a room, with a clock tower in front.
Person A gray teddy bear cake on top of a wooden bench.
Indoor A man and two women sitting on a tan ledge.
Animal a cat is standing in front of a television
Vehicle A parking meter with a sidewalk and fence in the background. 
Electronic Women that are sitting outside on a patio area and smoking cigarettes.
Food A box of donuts that is opened up.
Animal A cat looking forward while laying down on a green cushion. 
Outdoor A sign on the side of a busy street outside a shopping center
Person Young man swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court
Kitchen a plate with meat and green veggies mixed with sauce 
Sports Two women playing in a professional tennis match.
Indoor a close up of an adult holding a child brushing their teeth
Accessory Altered photograph of a case full of paperback novels
Electronic Portioned lunch in front of laptop in nice workspace.
Person People and dishes from cake at a children's party.
Animal A black and white cow at market in her stall.
Accessory A man sitting in front of a computer on top of a desk.
Vehicle Two people in BMX gear in a redwood forest
Vehicle A food tuck parallel parked along a street.
Accessory A person talking on a mobile phone helping an injured bicyclist.
Animal A person rides a bike on the road.
Furniture A man playing Wii in a dirty room. 
Accessory A white kitchen with wood cabinets in the midst of repairs.
Furniture People sitting at tables inside a large clock tower.
Kitchen A man standing next to a woman in a gray dress.
Food A pizza is split down the middle is shown.
Sports Snow piled high around pipes with people walking in background
Person A man and woman sit on benches with a small child.
Indoor A person with a remote in a room.
Food Person canning oranges showing a large bowl of fruit wedges.
Furniture A couple of people under a large umbrella.
Kitchen Man photographing a fresh pizza his tired buddy just wants to eat
Animal A white dog is peeking out from under a hanging cloth.
Electronic A pair of men sitting at a table in a diner.
Person A young man skateboarding casts a shadow on the concrete.
Kitchen Four different photos of bananas and banana holders.
Person THIS IS A PHOTO OF PEOPLE WATCHING A SKI COMPETITION
Vehicle a herd of giraffes eat on some tree leafs 
Electronic a desk with a laptop a tea pot and a cup
Animal Two cats rest on each other to take a nap.
Sports A few para-surfers on the water near a beach.
Person A man on a skateboard jumps over a ramp.
Kitchen Four men are standing together behind a group of red chairs.
Animal These two cats are playing in a room that has a large TV and a laptop computer.
Electronic A woman that is sitting down in front of a table.
Furniture A table topped with a bowl of granola and two apples.
Furniture a close up of a pizza on a wooden table  
Kitchen A chocolate candy is at the bottom of a cup.
Accessory A train is traveling down the rail road tracks. 
Furniture A young woman using a laptop computer while sitting on a bunk bed.
Kitchen a person holding a knife cuts into a cake 
Kitchen A group of people sitting around a picnic table.
Food Several rows of cooking hot dogs on a grill.
Furniture A MAN STANDING ON A BED PLAYING A GUITAR
Vehicle A tractor and two boats beside the water.
Furniture a man and woman are being married to one another 
Outdoor A person sits on a park bench overlooking a large field.
Appliance A bathroom with blue walls and pink tile.
Vehicle A train traveling down train tracks near a train station.
Animal a big cat sitting in a little bowl 
Furniture A kitchen is shown with chairs and an oven.
Person Several men are playing sports on a field near some trees, wall, bus, and several buildings in the background.
Kitchen A plate of prepared food has pasta, broccoli, and meat.
Person A woman is sitting with a suitcase on some train tracks.
Person Man cutting a cake on the table in the kitchen.
Kitchen A plate topped with vegetables, meat and fruit.
Person three little kids that have different ties on
Person A city bus is driving through the town
Person a yellow and blue bus is on a busy street
Kitchen The laptop computer is on the desk under the light.
Person A giant teddy bear sitting on a garbage can
Animal A cat laying in a green bowl on a wooden table.
Outdoor Someone in orange pants stands on a wooden bench.
Kitchen a man standing next to a big elephant 
Kitchen A living room with sofas, tables, a lamp and windows.
Outdoor a pink clock tower rises above a tree line
Accessory A few fishing boats tied to a dock.
Animal a dog is siting behind a large window
Furniture Several laptop computers and electronic devices on a desk.
Indoor Two halves of an onion and a carrot positioned to represent either a goofy face or male genetalia.
Person A partially-eaten pastry, a glass Arizona tea and another piece of pastry.
Sports A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard.
Animal a zebra grazes on some green grass next to some trees 
Furniture A living room with a table in front of a flat screen TV.
Kitchen An office desk with two flat panel monitors.
Vehicle a woman stands next to a parked train 
Outdoor A street at night time with many different lights. 
Animal Two top halve of two giraffes walking in trees.
Indoor An office desk with two flat panel monitors.
Person A woman sitting at a table with a pizza on a plate.
Animal A black and white cat sitting on top of a wooden chair.
Vehicle An old firetruck sits empty in a parking lot.
Person A sign that is in front of a business.
Electronic A man looks at his cell phone in a hallway
Outdoor a red umbrella is inside out in a city
Outdoor an over head view of a stop sign
Person A large square pizza sitting on top of a pan.
Person a snow boarder doing a flip for the audience 
Furniture Adults working on projects and computers in office environment.
Animal Horses and bikes are traveling down a track.
Food A man and a girl standing next to two cakes in the kitchen. 
Appliance A collection of soap dishes, bowls, and small trinkets. 
Sports a woman playing tennis and others watching her
Food A plate of food with rice and beans, broccoli and meat. 
Vehicle A motorcycle is parked on a dirt road in a forest.
Sports a boy is preparing to serve a volley ball
Kitchen A room with a man in it talking on his phone.
Vehicle a green white engine is pulling some gray train cars
Person a picture looking in to an umbrella shop
Indoor White stove with pot and kettle on top and the light on in the oven.
Kitchen A black cat on a wooden table in front of a laptop. 
Vehicle A woman wearing a dark colored dress stands curbside near a large building.
Person A very thick pizza is on a plate with one piece taken.
Furniture A small toilet on the ground with a pipe running to the camode.
Vehicle blue and white airplane flying over radio tower
Sports A surfer heads out towards the waves with his board.
Sports girl sitting on surfboard at sunset on the ocean
Person Man reaches over for his plate at a restaurant counter. 
Appliance A group of people  standing around in the kitchen
Sports a man in the air with a skateboard above a half pipe 
Sports A baseball team all huddled together on the baseball field . 
Food A bowl that has food inside of it.
Indoor A teddy bear inside a basket full of stuff.
Accessory Woman and man playing with a disk toy outside on the beach.
Food A large pizza and a soda sitting on a table.
Vehicle An elephant walking down the road, with a car next to it.
Animal A woman wearing a yellow top and a jean skirt standing next to a yellow fire hydrant. 
Outdoor A electric trolly bus driving in the middle of a street with a building behind it.
Sports Kite flying between water area and building complex, probably Japan.
Kitchen a kitchen with a refrigerator a counter and a sink
Sports Several men attempt to fly a kite on a beach.
Person A woman exercising a brown horse in a riding ring.
Person A man is sitting in a bench overlooking a lake.
Furniture A sign in front of a building, in front of a building.
Indoor Three different vases containing several red tulip blooms.
Animal Two large animals walking on rocks along the side of river. 
Person A black and white photo of a man on a cell phone.
Appliance a little girl looking inside the refrigerator. 
Sports Three people are skiing on the snowy mountain.
Kitchen A women who is holding a whisk in the kitchen.
Animal A quite cluttered desk with a lap and many other office material, plus a cat. 
Vehicle Traffic at a street corner with a lamp post clock
Sports a young boy is standing on a snowboard 
Outdoor A woman sits by herself on a park bench.
Person White horse carrying a man in a black buggy.
Person A bus drives on a paved road with markings.
Person A young man riding skis across a snow covered slope.
Sports A man on a snowboard on a groomed slope.
Furniture A ham sandwich on a white plate with a kale garnish.
Accessory A man is wearing a leopard print robe.
Person A pair of men with small mustaches dress as tennis players.
Person A group of people skiing down the side of a snow covered mountain.
Person A man holding two plates of food while smiling.
Animal A dog that is standing on the side of a boat.
Sports A young girl in a white top poses with a yellow tennis racket.
Person Girl holding up two fingers while sitting in front of plate with pizza slide on it
Food an image of two cakes on the stove
Sports Batter takes a swing at the incoming ball during the baseball game
Outdoor People outside along with many balloons next to the water.
Animal A polar bear with his chin raised lies on a rock.
Person There is a green Frisbee in the air with red chairs in the background.
Electronic A man and woman playing games on the Nintendo Wii.
Accessory There is a woman cutting into a cake.
Animal A giraffe standing in his enclosure at the zoo.
Food A white frosted cake sitting in front of some white flowers.
Person many people on a beach with a kite flying in the sky
Animal Some horses are being led In a field
Vehicle A couple of people that are outside a double high bus.
Indoor Three teddy bears that are sitting next to each other.
Accessory Skiers wait to take a lift up a snowy hill. 
Person A table topped with a laptop computer next to a plate of food.
Furniture A bathroom with an auto flush urinal 
Indoor A man in white is sitting at a table
Person People cross the street at the corner of luxury buildings.
Indoor A very nicely decorated living room in someone's house. 
Kitchen a yellow food truck parked on the side of a city street
Appliance A man cutting through a pizza that is sitting on top of a stove.
Kitchen A person that smoking and on the phone.
Kitchen The man playing tennis is reaching up to hit the ball.
Animal A giraffe is standing by some brush in a field.
Animal A colorful cat is next to a keyoard
Person People standing in an over cast ski looking out to sea with surf boards.
Vehicle A cat standing next to a bike parked against a wall.
Kitchen Man eating a piece of cake off of a white played outdoors. 
Person A person walking down a street while holding an umbrella.
Indoor A fancy metal cloth is seen against huge barred windows at a stone train station.
Person A man prepares to swing his bat while another man looks at him on the baseball field. 
Vehicle A yellow commuter bus leaving a bus stop at sunset
Indoor a comfortable living room with brown leather couches and a fireplace
Food A man lighting candles on a birthday cake for a little girl.
Furniture A toilet next to a chain shower stall in a bathroom.
Indoor a home bar with different drink ingredients under a large decorative sign saying, "PUB".
Person Photograph of an outdoor place with a bus.
Person Some people are playing a Frisbee game in the middle a field. 
Accessory An airport terminal with many people carrying their luggage.
Person a bridge next to a tall building and the big ben tower 
Person A man holding something in his hands while walking on the train track while the sun shines on him
Food Plate of food with broccoli on glass plate with table cloth
Sports Two people standing on a sandy beach flying a kite.
Person A room with a desktop computer and a picture of a mummy. 
Person A woman wearing an orange dress holding a black lace umbrella. 
Person A man in a white tennis outfit hitting a tennis ball. 
Person A lady is riding her bike and approaching the huge castle like building. 
Outdoor A horse pulling a wagon with a conductor down the road. 
Furniture A small bathroom is featured in this photo.
Person A row of motorcycles posed on a floor next to a flag.
Person Two children hold up doughnuts to their eyeballs.
Sports A baseball player is about to swing at the ball. 
Animal Person prepares surfboard while dog stands on it with face in person's
Food Several rows of donuts sitting on a table.
Kitchen Two people sitting outside, one with a laptop.
Furniture Here are motorcyclists parked outside a Polish gathering spot for women
Animal Two sheep lay in the grass and look at the camera. 
Indoor A cat is laying in an open suitcase on top of some clothes.
Furniture A green netted bed in a light filled bedroom.
Person A man is doing skateboard tricks on a ramp
Outdoor There is a bright yellow parking meter on a red sidewalk
Person A main sitting at a table being served
Outdoor We are looking at an almost empty street.
Indoor A man in black sweater feeding a giraffe through a fence.
Furniture A small dug stands on a white rug in the bathroom.
Person A young oerson is raiding a small fridge in their room.
Person A MAN AND WOMAN WALKING THE BEACH WITH A KITE
Food A group of young men eating pizza in a restaurant.
Kitchen A black and silver kitchen with wood floors.
Vehicle Several sailboats sit in the water in front of some trees.
Furniture A small bathroom with a shower and a toilet.
Person there are many surfers that are in the water
Furniture A group of people sit at a table laden with food.
Animal A man throws a ball with to small boys in a yard as a dog runs around.
Sports A man flying a kite while standing on a beach.
Person A paddle boarder on a large, still body of water.
Food a plate with bacon, eggs and hamburger topped with bananas
Kitchen Three people standing around drinking wine together 
Person A group of young people holding a pizza party.
Accessory A man takes a photo of his reflection in a public restroom.
Sports A brunette male tennis player stands ready to receive a serve. 
Person A skateboarder on a rail in a  building with another man using a spray can as a blow torch.
Food A bunch of doughnuts in a silver pan with serving tongs.
Animal Two giraffe stand in an enclosure, on giraffe leans over the wall.
Vehicle Two children in a stroller among cars in a rental lot.
Animal A polar bear in a polar bear enclosure at a zoo looking up. 
Person Adult males in large grassy field with large kite.
Outdoor A picture of some type of park with benches and no people around.
Electronic A living room with a sofa, a bookcase, and a laptop charging. 
Appliance A toaster surrounded by spoons, some protruding from the inside
Person A long canoe paddled along by a large group of people. 
Sports the surfer is riding the wave sideways along the beach.
Person A beach filled with a crowd of people playing and laying on the sand.
Outdoor A sidewalk under a pedestrian overpass walkway near a public transit passenger train terminal.
Vehicle A group of motorists pass very large buildings in asia. 
Food Woman in maroon shirt holding up a bagel. 
Person There is a man hitting a tennis ball.
Accessory A woven basket with slices of pizza in it
Person a couple of pictures that have some people and some fire hyrdons
Accessory a motorcycle parked next to a green tent in a field
Sports Some people on snow boards high up in the air.
Kitchen A row of wooden raid with various tools on them.
Person A man in a black suit surfing a large wave
Furniture Child in bed covered with a flower patterned blanket. 
Food The fruit are piled up on display in the store.
Electronic A young woman sitting on a curb next to a fire hydrant writing on a notepad.
Vehicle A passenger train moving down the train on a bridge.
Person A man in a wheel chair who is holding a baseball bat.
Person A dog and its owner playing Frisbee, in the dirt.
Person A tour group is guided through a museum.
Appliance A very old fashioned kitchen with retro floor tiles.
Person a man talking to a group of kids as a cow stands in a cage
Kitchen A piece of cake with butter on it sits next to an orange slice. 
Appliance A counter stands in the center of a kitchen.
Person A surfer in the ocean trying not to wipeout.
Person A photo of a man and his wife on a bed
Vehicle A bicycle with a blue umbrella and baskets attached to carry things.
Person A man on a snowboard para sailing in the snow.
Sports Two men watch another throw a Frisbee in a field. 
Sports A skateboarder performing a trick on a skateboard.
Electronic A cat sitting on top of a wooden desk.
Kitchen a bunch of people in a kitchen start to prepare some food 
Electronic Woman listening on her phone while smoking a cigarette.
Indoor A man sitting at a table eating a hamburger and fries.
Person An old man is wearing an odd hat
Kitchen The meal consists of chopped chicken with cheese and brocolli.
Person a woman standing over a pot holding a plate of food
Vehicle An orange train is on a track near a stop sign.
Person A group of people sitting at tables at a restaurant.
Person The tennis player is running to catch a ball.
Accessory Three women sitting on a park bench next to each other.
Kitchen Slices of meat pizza with a shot glass of mustard
Animal A lot of sailboats that are in the water.
Furniture A group of people gather around a glass drinking wine.
Person I am unable to see an image above.
Furniture A bathroom sink is all piled up with toiletries.
Furniture A man eating a hot dog with cheese and onions.
Animal Cows and ponies are eating hay in the barn
Vehicle There is a man standing next to the street.
Kitchen A group of people sit outside with wine glasses in hand. 
Animal A rowboat with paddles and no passengers is on the beach.
Person A man punching an innocent giraffe in the side of it's head.
Person a man holds down an oven door as he looks into the oven
Vehicle A male child swinging his bat at a ball, another child behind him as the catcher. 
Kitchen A man sits outside in a umbrella hat.
Person A commercial plane being serviced by two people.
Vehicle A harbor with several boats docked and buildings in the background.
Person This small room is packed with personal memorabilia.
Outdoor A man standing next to a herd of white sheep.
Animal Two jockeys ride their horses in a race at the track. 
Kitchen A picture of a small-sized kitchen with wood cabinets.
Kitchen Several different types of foods on various plates on a table.
Food a small stereo a banana and a flashlight
Person Two trains sit idle in a train station
Appliance A gentleman is removing food from a cooker in a yard.
Person Two men with backpacks on, one of which is fastening skis to a sled.
Outdoor The batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game
Person People are sitting on elephants with a little chair.
Person Several people are getting ready to enter the water for surfing.
Food A child holding chocolate donut with both hands.
Appliance A kitchen counter with a microwave and a toaster oven on a shelf 
Person a close up of a baseball player running on the base paths
Vehicle Old style bus and trolley going down a modern street.
Person A gray elephant walking past a person standing on a wooden structure.
Sports A windsurfer glides across choppy seas in the glistening sun. 
Animal Cats look up and out the widow in a house.
Indoor a silver oven sits next to other appliances 
Kitchen Two women and one man pose for a picture.
Person A man wearing a white tshirt hits a tennis ball.
Outdoor A baseball player holds his bat and waits for the pitch. 
Vehicle The airplane has landed behind a fence with barbed wire
Sports A man in a tennis match holding his racket.
Appliance A black cat sitting inside a bathroom sink
Vehicle A few fishing boats tied to a dock.
Person The men are up to their knees in the water.
Sports A baseball player at home plate preparing to swing.
Furniture Small personal pizza with bacon and spinach. 
Animal Cat sitting on recliner back in room facing the television
Person This is a picture of a boy getting ready to make a play.
Indoor A man is holding a baseball bat next to a Military dressed man. 
Vehicle A number of vehicles waiting at an intersection.
Vehicle The skateboarder does an aerial stunt onto the road.
Indoor A baby girl chews on a stick with a teddy bear in hand.
Person a living room with an area rug and a couch
Person A man sitting on a bench with a tall building behind him.
Animal A group of horses are crossing a finish line
Person A red fire hydrant is on the sidewalk next to a sign.
Person A group of people who are pushing a school bus.
Electronic A basement living area with different types of furniture.
Accessory A bride and groom cutting a wedding cake.
Animal A giraffe has its head pressed against the wall. 
Person A group of people are gathering with bags near a boat.
Person A young lad swings his Wilson tennis racquet.
Person A young man holding a bottle of beer while wearing a suit.
Appliance The door to a microwave is open and is exposing a stuffed animal is propped inside.
Person A woman holding a phone in one hand up to her ear. 
Kitchen A man sitting at a desk on a laptop computer.
Indoor A view of a TV and a statue laying on the ground, next to a window.
Sports A person in the snow on some skis.
Vehicle Signs along a street on a rainy day.
Kitchen A table with a plate, wine-filled glass, and bread, among other items
Indoor A barber shop with a young child getting a haircut.
Indoor A tall tower with a clock stands in front of a skyscraper.
Sports and man with a skateboard on a motorcycle in traffic
Person Two street signs are sitting on top of the pole
Person A mens doubles tennis tournament on a grass court.
Electronic A girl is sitting on a couch holding a laptop computer.
Person A man climbing on a toilet bowl in a closet
Furniture A large boxer dog takes a nap on the bed.
Person A man balancing his surfboard on a wave.
Furniture people in an air port waiting area 
Vehicle two stop and go lights at an intersection
Person A woman is holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel and holding a toothbrush
Person A man riding a horse on an open plane.
Vehicle a stop sign sittin on a pole that is somewhat broken 
Sports Two dogs who are playing with a Frisbee. 
Electronic A man and a woman standing over two pizzas.
Person A cross country skier on the slopes on a sunny day
Person A man with a hat and a tie standing.
Furniture Various foreign snack foods are on a white table.
Animal Three giraffes with heads pointing ahead walk on a dirt path.
Outdoor The Pleasant Lane street corner and a woman carrying bags
Vehicle A grey and white cat watches from between parked cars.
Accessory this is a woman pushing some luggage at the airport
Accessory A hotel has a small tv on the dresser.
Person a lady dressed in khakis standing in a bathroom next to the sink. 
Animal Tabby cat with green eyes wearing a hat
Person A man sitting at a table eating some food
Furniture A kitchen decorated in decor with furniture in it.
Kitchen A sandwich on a sesame seed bun next to a pile of french fries and a cup of ketchup.
Indoor An empty street and steeple with a clock on it
Person a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface
Kitchen banana partly sliced, peanut butter on a spoon, and cookies 
Person A person with a giraffe costume greets people coming through the gate.
Vehicle A bicycle is chained to a fixture on a city street
Kitchen A bottle of water that is ornately placed on the back of a stove.
Furniture a kitchen with a stove a table some chairs and a sink
Animal Zebras and giraffes together in a zoo cage.
Outdoor Large stuffed bear sitting outside of a building.
Indoor A red living room filled with furniture and two windows.
Person A skateboarder jumps into the air as he performs a skateboard trick.
Person A young woman is holding a slice of pizza with her mouth.
Furniture A group of people sitting at a table.
Outdoor A fire hydrant and a street sign are on the side of a street.
Food The tray on the bed has a pastry and two mugs on it.
Food A blue bin with a pizza on a plate with toppings on top of it.
Food A banana split with spoons in a glass bowl.
Indoor A living room with a loveseat and chairs surrounding a table.
Vehicle A dog standing on the back of a brown car.
Person A young male sitting on a park bench typing on a laptop. 
Outdoor A small kitten sitting on a pallet of wood looking back.
Appliance A stove that has a light above it.
Animal silohette of a man against  the whiteness of the sky surrounding him
Accessory A cat that is laying in a piece of luggage. 
Furniture A young woman playing tennis in a tournament.
Person A person pouring some wine standing by a friend
Kitchen A plate sits on a table mostly empty, except for a few vegetables.
Person a male tennis player in white shorts is playing tennis
Appliance Closeup of  bathroom sink with oral care devices and a coffee mug.
Kitchen This bathroom seems to be very dirty and old
Sports A group of people surfing the waves in the ocean.
Vehicle A congested road where different vehicles are running.
Person A room filled with furniture and very large rugs.
Person Many cows travel down the side of a street
Animal A elephant running after a dog on a mud flat.
Animal A woman holds a baby on her arm and both are looking forward at an enclosed area with two giraffes in it. 
Person Two young men playing a game of tennis.
Furniture People eating meal consisting of eggs, lettuce, tomatoes, nuts, and a leafy food wrapped in a tortilla.
Kitchen Two toothbrushes sits on the opposite side of each other on the double faucet sink.
Outdoor an empty street with a building with a tower at the corner.
Animal The cat is laying in the sun by the open door.
Kitchen A cup and a plate with food on it on a table next to a toilet.
Outdoor TWO PEOPLE ARE WALKING NEAR A MINI TRUCK IN A STREET.
Food A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.
Food A man is grilling off the street with a modest and small cart.
Kitchen A man standing at a podium at a USINDO luncheon 
Kitchen A table and chairs in a small kitchen.
Person The black terrier stands about knee high to the group of people near him.
Vehicle A Chinese street showing business signs hanging over the store fronts.
Vehicle A plane soars hundreds of feet in the air.
Animal There is a group of sheep grazing on the grass in the field. 
Electronic A hotel has a small tv on the dresser.
Animal A bear is seen walking in a forest in a blurry photo.
Appliance The neat bathroom has green trim on the tile.
Furniture people standing near a table with open pizza boxes
Accessory A downhill skier doing a trick in front of the camera.
Outdoor A colorful but blurry street scene at night features a car driving through an intersection.
Person An office view shows cubicles and overhead lights in the background, and to the front ,  a serious looking man with a beard, vest and colorful tie. 
Electronic a family room with a couch and a tv
Furniture A large living and dining room area with rich wood features.
Electronic A boy asleep with a cell phone on his face.
Kitchen A computer laying upside down with two hands holding knives prying open a section of the back.
Person A woman is sitting on the passenger seat of a motorcycle.
Sports A very large teddy bear that is sitting in a chair. 
Furniture A group of people are getting some food and drinks together.
Vehicle A man and his truck on a trail in a forest.
Vehicle A man is sitting in the flatbed of a truck.
Person A couple of baseball players standing on the field
Person a conveyor belt with a lot of donuts getting fried up 
Accessory Messy bed next to bed with clothes on it in bright room.
Electronic Three different computer monitors are cluttered on one desk.
Furniture A television is sitting in a cluttered room.
Vehicle a man taking a picture of a narrow walkway
Outdoor A busy highway is being viewed from a distance.
Outdoor A man riding a skateboard on top of a wooden bench.
Outdoor Girl sitting on a bench next to a fire hydrant that is being used.
Electronic a white desk with three computers on it
Indoor A man sits on a chair and plays video games.
Person A brown and white puppy laying on a woman.
Food a man standing in front of the grill of a  hot dog stand. 
Animal A giraffe eating out of a food bucket in its enclosure.
Sports Two people on a blue and green tennis court.
Kitchen A close up of a person holding a piece of cake.
Person A Japanese community bus with a cartoon dog on the side
Electronic A woman with an umbrella hat on talking on a cell phone.
Kitchen A plate with green beans and a protein and some polenta with cheese.
Animal a group of people stand beside of a giant elephant 
Vehicle People watching a small boat being raised up.
Vehicle a twin propeller plane sits parked on a run way 
Sports A man is surfing on a surfboard in breaking waves.
Person A bus that is on the side of the road.
Sports A person riding a surfboard in the water.
Sports Kite surfer in the air on top of a red board. 
Electronic A flat screen TV adorns a bathroom mirror.
Indoor A woman brushing her teeth while taking a selfie 
Furniture a person standing in front of an open oven .
Food There is a piece of cake on a plate with decorations on it.
Food A plastic bento box filled with rice, vegetables and fresh fruit
Electronic a laptop computer sitting on top of a homemade machine with wheels
Person A baseball game where the batter is waiting for the pitch.
Kitchen A man cooks in a kitchen that is made of all stainless steel.
Indoor Two children in a room with tables and couches.
Vehicle A white truck carrying a small car in the back.
Furniture A white toilet with a black seat on top of a tiled floor.
Outdoor A woman sitting on a bench and a woman standing waiting for the bus.
Person A man with a tie is staring at something.
Person A young man that is wearing a nice suite coat with a skirt and a purse.
Accessory A man hiding behind a concrete skate ramp taking pictures
Food A small portion of broccoli, ham, and pasta salad
Animal Two horses standing around n a field near a brick building
Sports A structure with colorful kites flying from it's side.
Sports The Little League batter is taking a swing at home plate.
Furniture A group of stuffed animals sitting next to each other in bed.
Furniture Group of men and women sitting at a table eating and talking
Furniture An overhead of a stainless steel open toilet with a man's feet stradling.
Food A cheese pizza sitting on top of white paper and a large plate. 
Furniture This is a room with a reclined sofa, desk, and wall decorations.
Person A crowd watches a batter try to hit a baseball.
Vehicle a couple of football players in the air
Person A man uses a laptop in an otherwise dark room.
Kitchen Two men cooking in a stainless steel restaurant kitchen
Person A man standing next to a dog on the ground.
Food A banana split is sitting on top of a table.
Accessory A sheep stands near other sheep in a closed off pen.
Person A large open area with concrete floor and a McDonalds in the background with Chinese writing on the building.
Person A LARGE GROUP OF PEOPLE WATCH AS A SKATER DOES HIS TRICKS
Appliance A public bathroom with two urinals on a wall, and sink with a mirror over it on another wall
Indoor A group of people sitting around a wooden table.
Accessory Two kids in pink and purple jackets standing by a fence.
Furniture A spoon sits in a bowl of soup
Food A bunch of fruits and vegetables for sale on display
Sports A cross country skier stretches on an open field of snow.
Food A counter with two plates with sandwiches and eggs on top of them.
Outdoor Green stop lights are set against a tall building.
Person A baseball team celebrates on the field together.
Accessory A girl is sitting on a wall and looking down at her cell phone.
Outdoor The dog has blue eyes and is wearing a collar. 
Person Man and son standing on the beach side with a self assembled kite.
Furniture One tray of rice and a tray of fruits and veggies.
Person A single surfer is catching a small waves.
Furniture A parking meter sitting on the sidewalk in front of a building.
Person Three people are kicking around an orange ball.
Accessory A man is shaking hands with another man.
Furniture A park bench surrounded by floral arrangements on either side.
Person Two young people are body boarding in the open water.
Sports A tennis player trying to hit a tennis ball.
Outdoor A baby sitting between a lady and a man on a bench under a tree.
Vehicle a black motorcycle parked on the road in front of a car
Kitchen Two women sitting outside hanging out and smoking cigarettes.
Person A bus loads and unloads passengers next to a plane. 
Indoor A large living area with a bed and some couches
Kitchen An elephant drinking from a white square bottle.
Electronic A toddler and cat are in a living room with open curtains.
Person A man in shirt and tie at desk with laptop.
Food A half-eaten apple sits next to a cell phone.
Animal a giraffe staring right into the camera 
Animal A cat and a dog rest together on a hideous orange couch.
Animal A woman bending over to kiss a dog on a surfboard.
Appliance a person standing near a stove in a kitchen 
Electronic There are pedestrians walking passed a traffic light.
Furniture A large group of people are eating pizza in an office.
Accessory A woman standing in the rain with an umbrella with a herd of deer behind her.
Animal A horse drawn buggy sits in front of pyramid shaped mosques.
Kitchen A kitchen with dark green cabinets and personal items on the windowsill. 
Furniture An assortment of vegetables made into an interesting shape.
Person A man flying a kite while standing on a beach.
Furniture This table is covered by a blue Sam Adams umbrella
Animal A group of zebra standing on top of a grass covered field.
Indoor a large building that has a clock tower
Outdoor Two people sit on a bench with pigeons and other people nearby.
Person A woman peaking around a pile of old refrigerators.
Animal a pack of elephants standing next to each other in a pen
Indoor The flowers in the clear glass vase are starting to wilt.
Vehicle A large airplane is ascending from the runway.
Person A couple of people on a hill flying a kite.
Person A table with three plates with food and a man and a woman both holding utensil near plates.
Outdoor A yield and left turn sign on the side of a street.
Furniture A guy taking a picture of a very big pizza.
Vehicle A passenger train's door is open at the station platform.
Animal Two brown and white dogs running in a park. 
Accessory A blue and yellow train passing by people and building.
Animal A very large elephant standing next to a baby elephant.
Electronic A sink in a peninsula in a kitchen.
Accessory A woman and man hold parts of a kite together.
Furniture Young child looking enthused over some dessert on table
Person Two women that are sitting down looking at a phone.
Vehicle A man in a wheel chair who is holding a baseball bat.
Furniture am empty bowl and three empty beer bottles in front of a man
Outdoor Someone has parked a classic orange ten speed bicycle.
Animal A couple of cows and some birds flying in the sky.
Furniture Living room with white chairs and couches, fireplace and books on bookshelves.
Furniture A person is sitting in a chair at a table with a laptop computer.
Indoor A man and a woman in a river.
Person Nan or woman is enjoying a day of surfboarding on a brown/orange board.
Kitchen Some bread, ham, fruit, jam, and a glass of orange juice
Person A man holding holding a giant remote control.
Electronic Five young people are seen wearing zombie costumes.
Animal Two yellow birds are standing on an object.
Accessory A man dressed in a suit standing next to his bicycle.
Outdoor A living room has an over stacked bookcase.
Animal Two zebras standing in a rocky area in the wild.
Person Two people sitting together on a couch playing wii
Vehicle A man and a woman in helmets standing at a motorcycle.
Indoor We are looking up at a large square clock on a pole.
Person two men in red coats riding horses in front of a palace
Animal A fat orange cat on a couch beside a TV remote
Vehicle Man using a personal laptop computer next to an open breezy window.
Kitchen A man is feeding birds from a park bench
Furniture An old blender and printer sitting on a table.
Person A couple of men holding a black umbrella.
Person A man bent over in an open grassy field with something in his hand.
Person A small uneaten pizza on a plate sits on a table.
Animal A grey colored cat that is drinking from a glass of water.
Vehicle Small red plane flying next to motorcycle rider in urban area.
Kitchen A woman is taking a picture of food with a mobile device.
Person A hand holds a piece of fruit with the peel cut off.
Person Young children sharing a laptop in a messy room with several laptops, books, and papers.
Electronic a couple of kids in yellow shirts are sitting together
Kitchen A sandwich and iced beverage lunch at Starbucks
Animal A giraffe looks down at a zebra on the field
Indoor a office with three computers spread out everywhere
Food A group of people wait near a wedding procession of cars, one of them holding two apples.
Food A BIG HAMBURGER SITTING ON TOP OF A COUNTER AND A GLASS OF WINE 
Vehicle A diner sitting on a street with the side of the building fenced in.
Kitchen A person sits at a table in front of a sandwich on dark bread, a salad and cucumbers.
Accessory Two women and one man pose for a picture.
Sports A skier on skies and a snowboarder carrying a snowboard on a mountain slope.
Furniture a bench in the shade of a near by tree 
Sports A kite flying through the air in a field.
Sports Surfer in board shorts walking in to the ocean
Vehicle A busy street with several lanes and a crossing sign in the foreground.
Sports The kite is red, white, and blue and is flying.
Person a white green and black sign and a bicycle without wheels
Furniture A pizza sitting in front of a can of pepsi
Person Three beds in a street with cartoon figures in the bed.
Furniture A woman in a red top inspect the remote control panel's features.
Person A man holding one water ski at the lake.
Animal Several cows that are lined up next to one another.
Person a small child with an open umbrella on the ground
Furniture A man that is sitting on a bench near a racquet.
Sports a man on a beach sitting on his surfboard
Accessory A living area with a microwave, counter and lights.
Person Four people standing in a room playing a video game. 
Indoor A small child stands in front of a television playing a video game.
Furniture A picture of a cluttered home office desk.
Sports A man swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
Furniture There is an old toilet sitting under a sign for this picture.
Indoor A desk topped with snacks and electronics with office supplies.
Kitchen THERE IS SOME SORT OF VEGETABLES IN A BOWL 
Vehicle A kite flying in a beach setting, with people underneath it.
Person A lady in a bath robe touching something near the ceiling.
Furniture A pretty young lady standing in front of a couch behind a wooden table.
Person A young man riding a skateboard with red wheels.
Person A person wearing orange pants standing on a bench
Food People outside at table eating cake on plates.
Accessory A man operates a laptop at a table in a train station.
Accessory A bent traffic light next to the side of a street.
Kitchen a young kid with a baseball bat gets ready for the pitch
Person A MAN AND WOMAN ARE LAUGHING TOGETHER 
Person A man wearing a cat and sunglasses with a red neck tie.
Sports A person being photographed while on a skateboard. 
Sports a person skateboarding near a skateboarding park at sunset.
Sports A girl dressed in black holds up a tennis racket as a man in a white t-shirt stands in front of her.
Sports A husky dog has an orange frisbee in it's mouth.
Animal A tall giraffe standing in a lush green field.
Furniture A picture of a bunch food sitting on a table.
Appliance A bathroom with toilet and sink with lots of items on the sink counter.
Person The bulls are walking down the street in front of cars. 
Accessory a man that is on a skateboard that is on a ramp
Furniture two tennis players in blue shirts playing tennis
Food a table top with some food on top of it 
Person A man riding a skateboard up the side of a cement ramp.
Furniture A group of people sitting at a dining table.
Electronic A woman in yellow scarf holding a cellphone.
Food A breakfast plate with toast, vegetables, eggs and meat.
Person A man is in the air as he performs a stunt on a skateboard.
Furniture A man serving food from a table with the arm of woman around his chest.
Person Young girl sitting on a bench checking her cell phone.
Person Two men smiling and taking a picture together. 
Person Elephants are in a ring with a person near bleachers.
Animal An indoor farm area with cows in individual stations sitting and standing on hay.
Electronic A cat sits on a couch beside a notebook computer.
Sports A senior tennis player prepares to backhand the ball.
Animal A cat sleeping on top of a closed suit case.
Vehicle A large long bus going down a city street.
Kitchen A little girl looking at a pizza pie
Person A row of wooden benches sitting on the side of a road.
Person A baker is placing their goods inside a bag.
Vehicle A man driving a small boat with a dog sitting on it's front end.
Sports Baseball memorabilia is displayed in glass stacked casings.
Appliance a microwave oven sits on top of a granite counter 
Furniture Two barefoot women holding game controllers in each hand.
Indoor A cat lying inside a sink with a hair brush, sanitizer and toothpaste on top
Indoor The notebook and pen is laying next to the laptop.
Person Couple playing Frisbee on the beach in summer
Vehicle A smiling young mother holding her infant child.
Furniture a laptop on a table on balcony, blue sky.
Animal A bridled mule stands in front of trees and leaves. 
Person A boy running while holding onto a kite string.
Outdoor A red bench on a slanted floor has the Coca-Cola symbol on it.
Person A wide view of two women playing tennis on an orange tennis court.
Vehicle A man walking across a dirt field next to a street with traffic.
Person A tray filled with croissants with hotdogs in the middle
Furniture One person is eating chilli and a grilled cheese and the other is having a sandwich and fries.
Appliance a person standing in front of an open oven .
Vehicle A train car is open and shows the door on the other side.
Indoor The student is trying to relax on the floor.
Person A man standing next to another person in a wheel chair.
Person A man with an umbrella is smiling on a cloudy day.
Animal A PERSON IS RIDING A HORSE THAT IS RUNNING VERY FAST
Person people at the airport offloading the baggage with their names on
Person A vegetable pizza seems to be ready to be eaten. 
Electronic two laptops a mouse cords wires and a monitor 
Electronic A baby girl is sitting on the floor looking at a cell phone.
Person A group of people swimming in the ocean with a surfboard.
Electronic Pizza and empty glasses on the dinner table.
Outdoor A photograph of a highly decorated parking meter.
Furniture A group of oranges are sitting in the bowl
Food A man holding a ball in his hand in a room.
Vehicle A bus with a flat tire sitting in traffic on a street.
Animal A small elephant walks up to the fence in a zoo.
Person Several people on the beach and some have surf boards. 
Indoor Closeup of  bathroom sink with oral care devices and a coffee mug.
Person A sidewalk next to the outdoor sitting area of a restaurant.
Electronic Three computers are shown at the wooden desk.
Food Man cutting a cake on the table in the kitchen.
Person A group of people walking down a street next to tall buildings.
Furniture A very large teddy bear that is sitting in a chair. 
Person A person on skis skiing down a mountain slope.
Vehicle A black cat sits in a car and looks out.
Food A decorative frosted teddy bear 30th birthday cake.
Indoor A toilet that has three sea shells on top.
Outdoor A city bus carrying ads featuring women coming to town.
Accessory A bunch of people are looking over a tennis volley net while a young boy wearing glasses is bouncing a tennis ball 
Animal An elephant walking along a trail next to a grass field.
Furniture A  cat sleeping on a blanket on someone's bed
Food Sliced french bread is on a plat that is lying on a table.
Appliance A woman wearing shorts bends over a frying pan on a stove.
Electronic a couple of monitors are on a desk
Electronic An expensive camera sitting next to a smart phone.
Person A bear shaped birthday cake with candles on a table.
Person A black and white photo of an old fashion baseball game.
Animal A sleepy dog wearing a cowboy hat in the back seat of a car
Person A young boy is recording a performance on a cellphone of several people.
Person A small white boat floating on the shore of a lake.
Kitchen a tray with pastries drizzled with chocolate and whip cream
Vehicle A bus parked along the side of a busy street.
Indoor Three teddy bears, each a different color, snuggling together.
Vehicle A plane passing over a harbor, on a clear day.
Accessory A simple room with minimal decor and furniture. 
Electronic The end of a computer keyboard and a blue-illuminated black wireless mouse sit on a table. 
Person Two people bump their cell phones together at a party
Person A baseball player running to a base during a game at night. 
Sports A girl swinging a tennis racket in a match.
Appliance a shower toilet and sink in a basement bathroom
Sports A little girl standing in the grass with two soccer balls in front of her.
Accessory Some people are walking in the snow and having fun. 
Outdoor A train driving down the tracks near a platform.
Furniture A small lunch box with various vegetables and a fork
Person a small group of people on a side walk next to a street sign
Person Two men who are riding on skateboards. 
Kitchen Some dessert and toppings are in a blue plastic bowl.
Furniture A small bathroom where the vanity is over the sink and toilet.
Vehicle Red bus sitting in a bus station parking spot.
Person A pitcher at a baseball game who has just thrown the ball.
Person Two women look at their phones on the train.
Appliance A bathroom sink with two toothbrushes facing each other.
Indoor Girl on bicycle on road in front of large building. 
Appliance a couple of pies sitting on top of a stove witha fork and knife
Animal A small girl sits atop a saddled animal.
Outdoor A truck with a snow plow attached to the front.
Sports The home plate with the back catcher and someone ready to bat.
Person no image again there are a lot of these lately
Furniture a big spoon that is laying on a table
Person A female plays with her dog in the living room
Person Two women walking on  a train platform
Animal The tall adult giraffe is standing next to a boulder.
Accessory a chair,couch and suitcase sitting by the road 
Furniture A living room with a checkered floor and other black and white decorative items.
Vehicle A white airplane parked on a runway under a blue sky.
Outdoor A signal light glows red by the street sign. 
Animal Sheep are on a grassy field and one of them is a white and black baby.
Animal Three cows with hairy heads laying down in a field.
Kitchen A pizza covered with lots of broccoli sitting on a kitchen counter.
Person A guy on a skateboard grinding on a short concrete platform.
Vehicle A man lighting a cigarette as he walks on a city street.
Sports a man in his wetsuit riding a big wave on his surfboard
Indoor The shades are partly drawn on this black and white motif room.
Person A woman in a night gown lying on a bed.
Animal A cat trying next to his owner who is using the computer. 
Animal A man watching two elephants behind a wire fence.
Animal A small group of cows standing in front of the camera.
Animal A pair of zebra graze near a barbed wire fence.
Indoor A woman lays on a bed in her underwear.
Kitchen A can of spam and two sandwiches sit on a table.
Vehicle A white swan is swimming near a docked boat.
Electronic A cat is on a desk looking at the computer screens.
Furniture The big carved wooden bed is in the room.
Furniture The two bowls have a salad in them.
Animal A small animal is being lead on the leash
Person TWO WOMEN BRIDES GETTING MARRIED STANDING UNDER AND UMBRELLA
Person Several skiers glide down a hilly landscape covered in snow. 
Vehicle A motorcyclist riding alongside an airplane that is just taking off.
Vehicle This is a train on the tracks that is filled with doors for houses. 
Furniture THERE IS A GAME A BASKETBALL GAME GOING ON
Appliance Ten porcelain pieces with floral patterns painted on them.
Kitchen Many cupcakes and half of a cake sit on a table.
Vehicle A man plays with his family on the beach 
Vehicle Several people near a lot holding a huge quantity of motorcycles.
Kitchen Living room with white chairs and couches, fireplace and books on bookshelves.
Electronic A man relaxing on the couch watching television
Animal An orange tabby cat lies down outside a door on a house porch.
Person A person showing a picture on their cellular phone. 
Animal Two zebra stand near bushes and tall grass.
Accessory A man in a suit having a beer by the water.
Food Rows of cylindrical cakes for sale in a bakery, seen behind glass.
Animal A herd of cattle walking across a beach next to the ocean.
Indoor Green, yellow, and pink teddy bears sitting on top of a table on display. 
Kitchen A bowl filled with food on top of a wooden table.
Person A group of people standing next to each other on a field.
Person A man on a surfboard in the water.
Furniture A woman laying on a bathroom floor next to a toilet.
Electronic a man talking on a cellphone sitting at a table.
Person A wooden dining table adorned with many kinds of food.
Sports A kid with a glove and a ball.
Sports A small child is holding a frisbee while looking at the beach. 
Kitchen an old woman is in front of some food on a table
Furniture A beach area with grass umbrellas and boats in the distance.
Person a man standing on the court holding onto a tennis racket 
Food A box with half a dozen glazed and frosted donuts.
Furniture The small kitchen has large cabinets and two stoves.
Furniture A red couch next to a brown chair in a living room.
Vehicle A yellow and a green motorcycle in the back of an auditorium.
Furniture A white plate topped with a sandwich and sliced veggies.
Person A man standing next to a donkey loaded with luggage 
Outdoor A person that is doing a trick on a skateboard.
Indoor A pole on top of a large clock tower.
Accessory Talk about a bad hair day, his is frightful.
Person Three adults and a child stand together holding Frisbees.
Furniture A living room has a fireplace and a piano.
Person A man in a red jacket standing next to a river.
Vehicle a cheese pizza on a gray tray and an orange pizza cutter
Vehicle Two guiding signs are pictured in front of a busy street.
Vehicle There is a white horse pulling a trolley behind it.
Vehicle Road is littered with old cars and some wrecked trucks with a lone red and white stop sign at a grassy lot 
Person A group of people trying to feed giraffes at the zoo
Person A person sitting on the floor constructing a white kite.
Vehicle A clock between two bronze flamingo statues on a black box.
Person People walking through the snow past park benches.
Animal A long haired cat sitting on a refrigerator
Kitchen A living room that has a bunch of different couches.
Vehicle A bunch of cars are crossing an intersection.
Vehicle A classic red truck is parked in the lot.
Sports A man standing on a tennis court holding a tennis racquet.
Person Two laptops,computer,keyboard and other electrical gadgets are on the table.
Outdoor a wall with a bunch of graffiti on it
Person A presenter projected on a large screen at a conference.
Person A father with a braided beard is looking at his child. 
Kitchen A man in a jacket and hat looks at the camera.
Person A person lying under a large black suitcase near a block wall.
Vehicle A group of motorcycles on display for a crowd.
Person A group of people enjoying a meat at a restaurant.
Accessory A traffic light with a sad face on the red light. 
Sports Two skiers giving each other a high five.
Indoor Ding room and living room area inside a home.
Kitchen A slice of pizza that is on top of a napkin.
Animal The heads of two giraffes sticking out of a building looking around.
Accessory A woman sitting on a bench and a woman standing behind the bench at a bus stop
Person The snowboarder does a flip at a competition.
Person A photograph of a highly decorated parking meter.
Furniture A living room with a couch, coffee table, TV on a stand and a chair with ottoman
Indoor A teddy bear from the back on the floor lying on its side, under a table on side, by a brick wall.
Kitchen A man sitting at a bar next to another man near a waitress.
Sports A man is holding a yellow frisbee outside
Person A man and a woman standing on a stony beach with driftwood
Electronic A woman is selling fruit in a poor neighborhood.
Electronic A woman talking on the phone looks in the distance.
Furniture One apple and several oranges sit in a bowl.
Vehicle A large jet is in the loading area.
Person A male baseball player wearing red and white is up to bat.
Electronic A very clean kitchen has stainless steel appliances.
Accessory An elderly man and woman sit on a bench on a busy sidewalk.
Accessory a man that is walking down the street with a umbrella
Person Man at street market with table full of bananas.
Appliance A man reaching into a freezer while standing next to a woman in a park.
Furniture Dimly lit part of a house with light entering window.
Sports Three men playing frisbee with a blue sky in background.
Person A photo inside and ocean wave looking at a person on a surfboard.
Electronic A laptop, cellphone, mp3 player, and a book are on a table.
Vehicle Traffic cones at the entrance of a lot where there is construction.
Vehicle A street with a row of older red brick building on one side.
Kitchen Two men pose for the camera holding glasses of wine.
Appliance A woman peering around stacks of old mini-fridges. 
Animal Guy takes a picture  of his dog in the backseat through his side mirror. 
Person A woman holding a game controller with a man looking on.
Sports A person is skiing on a slope covered in snow.
Person there are two horses that are pulling a carriage
Indoor Two people in a living room hold Wii remote controls
Outdoor A yellow and white train passing by multiple rows of tracks.
Animal A woman holds a cake with candles while riding a mechanical horse in a store.
Furniture A person flushing a toilet with a motion sensor.
Furniture This is a multi colored train at this train station
Person Man taking a picture of food on a table.
Furniture Two men sitting on the street in front of a building.
Electronic a couple of people that are standing up in a room
Person two people siting on the ground near many different fruits
Person A young child in a khaki pants and a hitting helmet, holding a small baseball bat while standing in the grass.
Sports A group of people standing on top of a sandy beach.
Sports A group of people staring at a woman holding a bat.
Outdoor A man opening a fire hydrant spewing out rusty water into a street.
Electronic A group of people sitting around a picnic table.
Person Pitcher in a baseball game tries to out a player attempting to steal base.
Animal A giraffe and a baby giraffe standing in an enclosure.
Vehicle The man is sitting by the water feeding the birds.
Animal A dog relaxes on an armchair in a living room.
Electronic Sever people are sitting next to each other while using laptops.
Person A tennis player in a crowded arena waits for the next volley.
Animal A group of cows walking in front of several cars.
Furniture A corner of a rest room with a cookie and coffee.
Vehicle The ma is trying to tow a smaller truck. 
Kitchen The bowl of noodle salad has broccoli and meat in it.
Person Skier in a black going down the side of a mountain. 
Kitchen A peeson at a table is eating a small pizza
Accessory A woman holding an umbrella stands as people walk past.
Person there is a large gold clock at some type of station
Accessory A man in a neon green shirt and black pants holding a pink umbrella.
Food Man wearing red hoodie being presented with cake.
Animal Two people are riding elephants beside some trees.
Animal Two stuffed dogs under a blanket looking at a picture book.
Vehicle A train platform with trains on the other side
Vehicle A few people sitting by a busy street
Electronic A man sleeps on a pillow with a blanket. 
Person A person on a motorcycle traveling on a street near a group.
Food a person standing next to a metal pot holder in a kitchen 
Vehicle Cars parked on the side of a street. 
Vehicle A ferry in a port with mountains in the background.
Food The man stands on fence railing beside a table with food on it. 
Furniture A man sits on a couch holding his phone.
Animal A dog and a horse stand together in a field.
Person Poplewalk on the sidewalk near the colorfully striped building.
Appliance A restroom with a toilet, sink and window
Sports A bunch of kids on a field play soccer.
Kitchen many people sitting at different tables under a tent
Indoor A classroom with a chalkboard, desk, and books.
Appliance Cleaning products are on the counter of the bathroom.
Sports The skier is quickly racing past the yellow flag. 
Food a variety of partially eaten pizzas are sitting on several plates.
Vehicle Two trains at station near group of people on platform.
Sports A baseball player signaling to another player or coach.
Person A small electronic device sits in the palm of someone's hand.
Animal A cat is watching the clouds on the monitor.
Accessory A statue of two women with purses sitting on a bench. 
Sports a man in skies is walking in the snow
Kitchen Sever people are sitting next to each other while using laptops.
Kitchen a tennis player drying off his face with a towel 
Person 2 women, one holding a cake, the other holding up her index finger
Furniture Red and white park bench sitting underneath a large tree. 
Animal A cat perches itself near a window, looking outside.
Kitchen A clear glass bowl with bananas and plums in it. 
Sports a baseball player with a bat on a field 
Person A boy is sitting and eating a banana while smiling.
Person A commuter train at the station at night
Kitchen A man is drinking water from a red bottle.
Animal A man stands on the backs of two running horses.
Furniture a doll with a bonnet and a book on a pillow
Outdoor A wooden bench is sitting next to a grassy field.
Food A white bowl filled with meat patties next to bowls of veggies.
Food A person holding up a chocolate doughnut with a face drawn on it.
Kitchen the pizza is on a plate with a fork next to it 
Furniture A nicely set dining table filled with food and a cake topped with berries.
Animal Bird sits atop cattle on snow covered field.
Furniture A young girl looking at a huge pizza in amazement.
Animal A gray cat is walking next to a truck.
Vehicle a dog in a car on a street near a traffic light
Animal A photo of a cat laying on a laptop.
Animal Horses and bikers racing on a track with  many houses in the background.
Person A person standing on a beach holding onto a kite string.
Furniture A view of a fire place with a light on it.
Kitchen A young girl preparing a dish of some sort.
Food a bunch of food is on a white plate
Accessory A man holding a cake with lit candles up to another man.
Person A little girl grins at her plate of pizza.
Person A man sitting at a bar next to another man near a waitress.
Person Children and an adult on a tennis court. 
Outdoor Parking meters and signage are on the side of the street
Person A bunch of little kids playing soccer with each other. 
Electronic Two men play the Nintendo Wii console while others watch
Animal A polar bear cooling off in the water.
Sports The men are playing baseball in the field.
Accessory Mom has to help him eat his hot dog and bun.
Appliance A refrigerator up against a wall with a mirror.
Animal A herd of cows are by a brick house.
Furniture A bright pink toilet seat with the lid open. 
Vehicle A small engine plane flying over in the blue sky.
Person Three men are wading in water reaching for a frisbee.
Outdoor People sitting on a park bench watching cars go by.
Person a person sitting on a surf board on a beach
Kitchen A man working the counter at a pastry shop.
Vehicle A sidewalk next to the outdoor sitting area of a restaurant.
Kitchen The four huge bananas are still connected together.
Person A man with a silly look playing a game with remote controllers.
Sports A man on a blue raft attempting to catch a ride on a large wave.
Person Four donuts topped with icing displayed on metal trays.
Kitchen Two little girls standing next to each other making pizza.
Food A metal tray filled with fried donuts and metal tongs.
Person two people in a red boat on water
Kitchen there is a blue plate with lots of different foods on it
Animal A seagull standing near the ocean on the sand.
Person A man walking with a drink and a bag while listening to earbud headphones.
Indoor a box full of stuffed animals and other children items 
Food Two Halloween characters next to a pizza on a table.
Electronic Children stand in a street looking at a market stand.
Outdoor A small compact car driving past a furniture store.
Person A man and woman beside a red motorcycle.
Person A white plate of food on a table.
Person A wide empty street corner filled with buildings.
Indoor A table with an umbrella and other things
Person The pedestrian crosses the lit city street at nightitme.
Person Racers riding four wheelers while a crowd watches.
Person a person laying on the ground in a bath room near a toilet
Animal people on a gold course enjoy a few games 
Animal a girl in full riding gear riding a brown horse
Electronic A computer desk and chair looks like a home office.
Person A surfer in the middle of two waves that have crested
Furniture A desk and chair in an office cubicle.
Person A young man playing tennis and preparing to hit the ball.
Vehicle a bike sits parked next to a street 
Vehicle Two motorcycles going through the tunnel at night.
Outdoor A bird sits on a parking meter with several parked cars in the street.
Person People at a stock yard looking at animals 
Vehicle A little girl picking up an upside down umbrella by its handle.
Furniture Plates of food with onion rings and cheesecake and a cup of cocoa on a table 
Sports A woman posing for the camera standing on skis.
Person Two men in living room playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
Indoor A pair of two people play video games with controllers.
Animal A man standing on a beach in front of the ocean.
Person Three men rest against their truck for a break from work.
Vehicle A river with several boats in it and a fence around the edge of it. 
Food In lady standing with her hand on carrots in a market.
Person A soccer player in the midst of kicking a soccer ball.
Furniture A nearly empty plate containing broccoli and brown sauce.
Outdoor A white bench just in front of a green bush
Person A half-eaten apple sits next to a cell phone.
Person Two computer monitors are placed beside each other on a desk.
Person We see a very old picture of people enjoying the shore.
Person A man is inside the refrigerator with a carrot in his mouth. 
Vehicle A sculpture resembling an umbrella stands in the middle of a plaza
Vehicle A young man holding a bottle of beer while wearing a suit.
Indoor A cat on a desk next to a keyboard and computer
Kitchen A kitchen with a stove, sink, table, chairs and couches.
Person Teams of children wearing blue and green uniforms playing volleyball inside an auditorium.
Sports A baseball player holding a bat standing next to home plate.
Kitchen A table holding a white gown with peas and broccoli in it.
Indoor A clock tower and a large Christmas tree in the center of a plaza.
Electronic Man with a party hat happily playing on the Wii in his living room
Accessory Men on bikes are getting pulled by a group of dogs.
Sports A MAN IS STANDING IN HIS KITCHEN HOLDING A YELLOW KITE
Person A skier races downhill on a ski track.
Electronic Blurry image of men in living room playing a stand-up video game.
Sports A couple of people that are playing with a frisbee.
Kitchen A pizza sitting in front of a can of pepsi
Furniture A couple of guys playing on the nintendo wii at a gathering. 
Animal A white toilet and a bath in a room.
Animal A small long haired dog wearing shirt and bandana, on a leash.
Animal An elephant drinking water while the rest of the herd is walking in dry grass.
Accessory A woman and a boy untangling a kite on a street.
Person Two tennis players shaking hands over the net
Animal a kitten that is sitting down by a  door
Outdoor A giraffe standing in a field next to a fence.
Accessory a couple of old people standing with each other
Kitchen A man with a bite of pizza from a plate.
Person A vehicle and a motor bike on the beach.
Electronic A long table accommodating many people while eating
Person five surfers learning how to surf by the ocean
Vehicle A bridge is covered up in bright lights at night.
Accessory A young lady that is making a diving catch to get the frisbee. 
Sports A young boy cuts a cake designed to look like a skateboard. 
Indoor Two stuffed animals posed looking at book with other animals.
Outdoor A large long white train at a station.
Furniture Two women talk at a beach rental kiosk.
Accessory A little girl walking along a row of orange cones.
Vehicle An overcast day at dock with sea birds resting in the nearby marsh. 
Animal A long horn bull standing next to a  sheep on a grass covered field.
Animal A couple of sheep standing next to each other on a field.
Accessory a bicyclist rests on a bike on an empty highway with two horses walking alone up the street 
Indoor A man standing next to a woman near a cake.
Person A beach scene with sail boats, a dog, and people wading.
Outdoor A baseball player hitting a ball at a game 
Vehicle Several motorcycles are parked at a red light in the road in a city with tall buildings.
Electronic Cat staring into the camera in the day time.
Furniture Bride and grooms arms cutting the wedding cake with fruit on top.
Vehicle Youngster on a skateboard, trying simple tip up stunt.
Person A person with a surfboard in a room.
Person A young kid hitting a baseball with a bat close to some chairs
Sports so many people on the sea skating and swimming
Sports A person doing a trick on a snowboard over a hill.
Appliance A modern bathroom with hardwood flooring and counter tops. 
Furniture A man wearing sunglasses while holding a plate of pizza.
Sports Three men celebrating as they play a frisbee game.
Outdoor An old picture of a train stopped in a city.
Animal A yellow and black bird is perched on a tree. 
Kitchen A person washing their hands near a bowl of broccoli.
Person A couple of men standing on top of a field together.
Appliance Men's restroom with toilet and urinals along tiled walls.
Sports There is a blurry photo of a surfer walking out of the water
Kitchen Two computers are sitting on top of the desk.
Accessory A man holding an umbrella in a hallway.
Vehicle A group of kids play on a grassy area and lift their arms up as a Frisbee is just above their heads.
Person a closeup of buttons on a nintendo wiiremote 
Animal A dog that is sitting down in a backseat.
Furniture A plate of blueberry coffee cake with butter and an orange slice on a table with breakfast foods.
Kitchen A guy is posing with a plate of food. 
Vehicle A bike parked up against a  fence with a bag over it's seat.
Person A statue of an elephant through a window in a store.
Person An aerial view of the city of London on a cloudy day.
Indoor A cat is watching the clouds on the monitor.
Kitchen A cell phone and game case on a bed.
Person a train traveling on an elevated train track.
Person The people are waiting to ski on the snowy mountain.
Electronic A young boy laying in bed holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
Person A woman brushing her teeth while taking a selfie 
Outdoor A train traveling down tracks next to a  brick building.
Person A black and brown dog wearing a chain around it's neck.
Food A bowl of oatmeal with two apples on a gingham cloth.
Electronic a dog laying on a couch and covered with blankets 
Electronic A man looks at something that he is holding
Vehicle Boy swinging a bat and about to hit a pitched ball.
Accessory A horse drawn carriage in a city stopped for a break.
Outdoor Young people are flying kites at a park.
Animal A baby deer and a large deer are standing in the woods. 
Kitchen A young man is standing behind a counter, carefully looking over an array of food preparation equipment and related items. 
Vehicle Two men carrying plastic containers walking barefoot in the sand.
Furniture A living room with a large vase with flowers.
Food A pizza with burned edges is sitting on the table.
Electronic A kitchen island has a farmhouse sink on it.
Furniture A very small bathroom with only the essentials.
Sports a tennis player who has just made a shot.
Indoor Two woman soldiers talking to other women in a kitchen
Vehicle A parking meter in front of a fenced in car park.
Animal A picture of a bridge with an amusement park in the background.
Electronic A man types swiftly on his laptop in the darkness.
Person Man riding on the back of a painted elephant. 
Food a close up of sandwiches on a plate
Accessory Large public transportation train in different coloration sectionals.
Outdoor A parking meter is on a sidewalk next to some green bushes.
Person Pizza, salad, and a glass of Hefevwsen beer
Kitchen a couple of plates with food inside sits next to each other 
Indoor A painted glass in Front of some lights
Accessory Two men sitting next to each other on a wooden bench.
Furniture a man standing in front of a toilet taking a piss
Person A large blue and yellow train stops near a fairly-non urban train-station.
Animal A man that is standing in the grass near animals.
Animal A reclined panda bear is sitting by a bush.
Food One person is eating chilli and a grilled cheese and the other is having a sandwich and fries.
Sports Young girl dressed in pink with striped pants with one foot on skate board on typical suburban street.
Furniture A girls sits on a bench while looking at her phone.
Electronic Several people in the airport walking with their luggage. 
Person A red bus is driving on the road.
Vehicle A light blue bicycle chained to a pole on the sidewalk in front of a red building.
Outdoor A big dog on a leash, sitting next to a pink painted bench.
Indoor A kitchen with hard wood floors and a yellow smiley face balloon.
Kitchen a doughnut factory making doughnuts in oil 
Person A man riding on the side of a red motorcycle.
Vehicle Semi carrying cars on busy road in city near white car. 
Animal Two zebras that are facing different directions in an enclosure.
Electronic a dog laying on a bed near a laptop 
Furniture A man wearing a blue tie with the ten commandments on it.
Animal A brown and white cow grazing in yard next to street.
Vehicle A double decker bus sitting on a green field.
Vehicle A boat floats in a bay during the day.
Furniture A refrigerator next to a red wall in the kitchen. 
Person A building in the city with a clock on the building. 
Accessory A purple bus can't be missed on the city streets.
Furniture A dog sitting on a big couch looking at the camera man. 
Vehicle a brown black and white dog wearing a helmet and a black scooter
Furniture View of a very messy bedroom with boxes and bags covering the floor.
Person A para sailor with his board with sail in the surf.
Furniture A bathroom with sinks, a brass counter and decorative shower stall.
Person A cat looking at a buddha statue through a window.
Sports A skier at the end of his run tucking under to go faster.
Sports a man wearing ski equipment on a snowy slope 
Furniture A very tasty looking pizza with some toppings.
Sports A pair of people wearing wet suits paddle in the ocean.
Furniture A group of guys are playing a game with the controllers.
Animal A giraffe standing in front of a group of trees.
Animal Three brown bears taking a walk through some grass.
Sports A young boy swinging a baseball bat at a baseball.
Person a man is walking down the sidewalk next to a bus on the street
Furniture A plate of pancakes sitting on a plate on a table.
Accessory A man serves a sliced apple to one of his friends
Furniture A man resting on a couch with two different colored cats.
Person a tv in a bathroom mirror next to sinks
Accessory This is an image of two women at a train station.
Person a twin propeller plane sits parked on a run way 
Furniture Three fish and vegetables on a silver tray.
Accessory A man holds out his tie, which has writing on it.
Vehicle The underside white and blue plane in sky.
Electronic An office chair at a desk filled with computers and phones.
Accessory Groups of people seated under shade umbrellas at blue tables and chairs drinking beverages.
Person A woman in a black jacket with skis on a slope.
Person People are having fun on a crowded beach.
Animal a cat drinking water from a sink bowl
Food A closeup on some chocolate cake has a fork by it.
Sports A man riding a wave on a surfboard. 
Food A man holding a paper plate while eating food
Person A railroad train rides down the tracks near buildings. 
Kitchen A small bathroom with a toilet and medicine cabinet. 
Kitchen A woman standing in a kitchen making food.
Food Frosted and sprinkled donuts stacked on a paper plate.
Person A kitchen counter and cabinetry with a large window.
Person A woman in a red shirt is looking at her phone.
Furniture A public bathroom with two urinals on a wall, and sink with a mirror over it on another wall
Accessory Pedestrians standing outside a train station waiting for the train. 
Animal Two giraffes standing one behind the other among brush. 
Appliance A bathroom with sink, mirror, and toilet in it.
Kitchen A living room with an old fashioned TV and a couch.
Furniture A toilet and sink side by side in a bathroom and a mirror. 
Person A boy swinging a bat with a catcher in place behind the batter.
Animal Dog smiles while sleeping in a bed room.
Furniture A couple holding a knife and cutting their wedding cake together.
Accessory The group of people smile in the snow wearing skis and a snowboard.
Sports A woman on the tennis court playing tennis
Accessory A girl puts a flower on the lapel of a boys coat. 
Sports An old person is holding a tennis racket. 
Person A woman laying on a bathroom floor next to a toilet.
Indoor a teddy bear that has a red scarf on 
Appliance A man and woman brushing their teeth and taking a selfie photo with a camera in a bathroom mirror.
Sports A young skier is attempting downhill in a driveway.
Person A man riding a skateboard over a rope.
Furniture Advertising sign above a patio umbrella on sunny day.
Sports A boy riding his skateboard on a ledge in a park.
Kitchen a couple of pizzas are on a table
Accessory A person leaning up against a metal rail while holding a rainbow colored umbrella.
Furniture A vase with flowers next to a mirror.
Vehicle a big long train that has some storage containers on it
Animal Hoofed animals are outnumbered by a massive congregation of flamingos.
Food a table that has a plate of food on it
Sports Strike a pose, you hunky young tennis player!
Indoor A long distance shot of a clock tower that is all lit up.
Sports A trio of men in baseball uniforms posing for a picture.
Accessory Elderly  gray haired man in a suit scowling into the camera.
Person A woman walking while carrying bananas on her hat.
Sports a person walking on a snow covered field.
Kitchen A boy cutting a cake in the shape of a skateboard.
Indoor A young woman is hugging a weird teddy bear.
Accessory A woman holding an umbrella near a sculpture.
Furniture a modern day bathroom set up with wooden sink 
Food A pepperoni pizza sitting on top of a wooden cutting board.
Accessory A man on ski's that is in the air.
Kitchen A red couch next to a brown chair in a living room.
Indoor A living room with an old fireplace and desk.
Accessory Someone mounted an umbrella and a basket on that bicycle.
Kitchen A bathroom filled with toilets and a tub next to a sink.
Person A man asleep under a blanket on a bed 
Vehicle People lined up near an airplane and others in military uniform.
Appliance A black and white cat standing in a white bathroom sink.
Person There is a man standing in the kitchen.
Furniture A cat laying on a bed in a room.
Accessory There are two people posing and one man is holding a banana 
Person a man holding a drink with a frizbee in front of him
Indoor A young cat stands on a computer desk.
Kitchen A plate full of noodles and broccoli, next to a knife and fork.
Food There is no image here to provide a caption for.
Person A male skateboarder skateboards in an area with others
Furniture A boy playing baseball about to hit a ball.
Vehicle A seaplane parked on the shallow end of the sea as a man approaches. 
Furniture A man swinging a tennis racket during a tennis match.
Electronic There is a desktop computer and a laptop sitting on an organize desk in an office .
Electronic a small boy is looking at his cellphone 
Person Two signs are displayed on a street light.
Accessory A woman holding a cigarette smiling at the camera on a sunny day.
Person a couple of kids in yellow shirts are sitting together
Sports Many persons are busy in clearing the snow.
Person A happy couple is cutting a decorated cake.
Furniture A man swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
Person A woman is sitting on a bench and is eating something.
Food A white plate with a cut in half sandwich on top of it.
Outdoor Two street signs on top of a stop sign.
Animal Two elephants playing with each other and interlocking their tusks.
Animal Two brown horses pull a plow, steered by a man behind.
Animal A black and white cat that is standing on all fours and has an elephant hat on it's head.
Outdoor A group of people sitting around a table having a meal.
Person Three workers stand next to each other with their baked goods behind them.
Vehicle A blue and white double decker bus on side of street.
Indoor A. clear vase containing bouquet of pink with white tipped  tulips 
Person Two young men standing around a table in front of a chalk board.
Person A girl sitting in a wheelchair is playing tennis.
Furniture A cat is laying inside of a half open lap top.
Person The man standing on the surfboard is surfing in the blurry photo. 
Vehicle People walking across a pedestrian cross walk 
Furniture Three men laughing at some pictures from a projector.
Vehicle A motorcycle is parked in a parking lot.
Vehicle There is a woman walking down the sidewalk in the city.
Vehicle Blue train car sitting on a train track near tunnel.
Person A woman holding an umbrella sitting on a blanket next to two dogs.
Electronic a keyboard and a mouse sit in front of a laptop 
Animal A white and gray kitten pokes its paw at a mirror and looks at its reflection.
Kitchen Three women are taking a bite out of the same piece of pizza.
Furniture Two people are sitting on chairs talking on at a corner.
Person A group of people by a building with a flag at half mast.
Food A plate of apples, cucumbers, tuna and peas sitting on a table.
Electronic A few different computers are placed on the desk. 
Appliance A group of people watching a woman cutting a cake.
Outdoor A skater is attempting a rail grind. 
Sports A man in red jacket and shorts in a batting cage.
Animal A lot of people that are looking at a pool.
Sports two people playing a match of tennis on a court.
Animal Three zebras in the field with trees and grass
Person A man standing next to a donkey with a lot of baggage on it.
Vehicle A metal statue of two women sitting on a bench.
Furniture A little kid holding up two hot dogs in buns.
Kitchen A table with a plate of food next to a cup of pepsi.
Outdoor Two silver cars parked beside each other in parking spots
Kitchen a table that has some bananas and a cup on it
Vehicle A red tour bus driving through the streets
Indoor Two guys playing a game on the WII.
Person The photo shows the many ways to enjoy the beach--kite flying, bathing, lying in the sun, walking along the sand.
Appliance a fridge with a bunch of words on it with magnets 
Vehicle a man standing beside a large truck in a parking lot
Animal A group of zebras standing by a water hole.
Outdoor A leaning stop sign has a street sign on top.
Food A white plate with a pile of food on it.
Accessory There are many suitcases stacked on the shelf.
Outdoor Some stoplights that have every light lit up.
Animal Some zebras are on a plain of sands and grass. 
Person A woman sitting in front of several glasses, talking on her phone. 
Vehicle A row of motorcycles parked next to a building.
Kitchen a bathroom with a toilet and tub in it 
Vehicle A train driving down the tracks under a bridge.
Animal A view of motorcyclists riding their bikes through heavy city traffic.
Person a little girl is holding on to a hair brush
Sports The skateboarder wears headphones while jumping to grab his board.
Animal Two heron are standing on some rocks near some water.
Electronic A man in a gray shirt holds his phone as he sits by a man in a white t-shirt.
Animal A herd of elephants  being herded into a river while tourists take photos.
Kitchen The woman is placing a turkey into a black pan.
Person a man watches as a dig looks at a toy in the air 
Accessory A closet with several suit cases stacked up near some videos.
Kitchen A cat laying down in a bathroom sink. 
Person A little boy wearing a baseball hat holding a baseball bat.
Animal A young boy walking through a living room towards  a cat.
Kitchen A man and woman posing for a photo with pizza on the table they are sitting at.
Food an image of man having lunch with kids
Food a person eating a banana in a kitchen
Furniture A tray of food on the top of a table.
Indoor THIS IS A VERY LARGE AND OLD CLOCK TOWER ON A CHURCH
Food a couple of people are eating at a table
Indoor A woman smiles at an evening event in front of a clock.
Animal a white and black cat looking up in the air in front of a desktop computer.
Person Two little girls looking the through the holes in doughnuts. 
Person some kind of chicken, rice, and vegetable dish on a pizza tray being served to a man.
Person A young man riding in a cart attached to a horse.
Vehicle A man is nearly sideways while racing a motorcycle around a track.
Person Traffic is traveling both ways on the busy streeet.
Vehicle a train is on the tracks near some trees.
Person A crowd of people stand near a man behind a bar with wine bottles on it.
Sports A person on a skateboard on a skate ramp.
Person A baseball player with the Cardinals getting ready to hit a baseball.
Electronic A cat staring at the screensaver on a laptop.
Sports a small boy with a bat and ball on some grass
Appliance A sink and some shelves are in this small bathroom.
Animal A woman riding a horse and looking at her reflection in a mirror.
Accessory a red blue and yellow train and some people on a platform
Sports A dog jumping to catch a red frisbee in a garden
Indoor A person looks at a very big computer monitor. 
Sports Three people, two wearing blue shirts, are on the tennis court.
Kitchen A young boy lying in a bed with a sippy cup.
Furniture A small den with a  couch, a bag on the floor, a book shelf, and a wire going from the wall to near the window.
Person A man is at bat ready is playing baseball while a woman watches.
Indoor a big brick building with a clock at the top
Person there are many bike riders racing in a street race
Person A man is riding a surfboard in the ocean.
Indoor Three bar stools in a kitchen with a black refrigerator.
Person Large bulletin board of a train and a group of people.
Sports Skier in full snow gear posing for a picture.
Indoor The night sky with the moon and a clock face.
Furniture A woman of Asian heritage eating a sandwich at a table with two cups of hot beverages.
Accessory A man doing a trick on a skateboard off of a rail.
Person A woman walking across a street near motorcycles.
Furniture there is a red and black microwave on a counter
Vehicle An open book store on a street corner.
Indoor A glass table that is next to a window.
Vehicle A blue commuter train traveling towards a train tunnel.
Furniture A vase sitting next to a mirror filled with flowers
Electronic A wooden desk topped with a laptop and monitor.
Animal a giraffe's head at a zoo with a mountain in the background
Outdoor some cars a yellow fire hydrant and some buildings
Indoor A teddy bear that appears to be made out of wood.
Food A dish on a blue plate contains carrots, onions, broccoli and rice.
Animal A woman holding an umbrella sitting on a blanket next to two dogs.
Furniture A man taking a swing at  a tennis ball
Outdoor A big building perched atop a hill with a sign in the foreground.
Electronic A waterway under a bridge with people sitting down and a woman taking a photo.
